Dear SCO Customer,

The SCO Advanced Server Support Level Supplement (SLS) APP433A updates 
several issues in regard to the NetBEUI transport protocol, SMB (server 
message block) protocol, and file locking protocol semantics for the SCO 
Advanced File and Print Server (AFPS) Release 3.5.1f.            

The updates contained in SLS APP433A are outlined below.            


Support for the SMB CORE protocol (IBM 4690 POS):

Full support for the SMB (server message block) CORE protocol has been 
implemented.  This allows AFPS to support older systems, such as the IBM 
4690 POS system, restricted to the CORE component of the SMB protocol.


Corrections to the NetBEUI transport protocol:

Changes have been made to the NetBEUI driver to provide proper 
interoperability with the NetBEUI network protocol used by the IBM
4690 POS system.


Support for 8-bit characters:

In the current version of AFPS it is not possible to create filenames
that have characters from the upper half of the ISO-8859-1 character set.
This includes many international characters, such as a-umlaut.

SLS APP433A addresses this problem by providing support for a server
specified locale.  The locale must be set in the lanman.ini file of the
server to enable the proper collating sequence for the extended character
sets. 

Instructions for enabling 8 bit characters:

1. Log in as the root user.

2. cd /usr/net/servers/lanman

3. vi lanman.ini

4  Enable collating for 8 bit character sets by adding the locale parameter 
   to the [ lmxserver ] section of the lanman.ini file:

   locale=english_us.8859

5. Enable long file naming and extended character mapping by adding the
   following parameter to the [ fsi ] section of the lanman.ini file:

   ntfs=yes

6. Save the lanman.ini file and stop and restart the server with the following
   commands:

      net stop server
      net start server

   Caution should be exercised when stopping the server to avoid disconnecting
   clients on the network that are actively utilizing server resources.


Corrections to File Access and Locking: 

* Scanning of large directories intermittently failed to find all the 
  files. Directory lists or directory-to-directory copies would skip 
  files due to errors in gcbuffer management.  This problem has been 
  corrected.

* Opening a Microsoft Access95 database on the AFPS server only allowed 
  read-only access.  This has been corrected so that client file access 
  and locking semantics are implemented correctly by AFPS.

* When the AFPS lanman.ini file parameters "unixlocks=yes" and 
  "useoplock=no" are set and a client attempts to access a locked region 
  of a file, the correct error response is now returned to the client 
  indicating that the file operation failed due to a preexisting lock.

* The AFPS lanman.ini file "unixlocks=yes" parameter now prevents Unix
  processes from accessing files locked by AFPS clients.  An erroneous
  condition intermittently caused Unix filesystem locks placed on a file 
  to be prematurely released.

* Write-locks being placed on files when a read-lock was requested has 
  been corrected.  This resolves a problem where applications run under 
  Merge that access the same file on a mounted LMC filesystem from an 
  AFPS server appear to deadlock during concurrent file locking operations.



INSTALLATION AND REMOVAL INSTRUCTIONS

Installing patches on SCO OpenServer 5 usually consists of two phases:
"Loading" and "Applying".  The instructions that follow enable you to 
both install the patch from distribution media or media image, as well 
as configure the patch to be installed from a remote SCO OpenServer 5
system over a TCP/IP network.


I. BEFORE LOADING THE PATCH

This patch will not install on top of any previously released patches 
for AFPS Release 3.5.1f. Use the Software Manager to check which patches 
are currently installed on the system.  If an SLS (patch) for AFPS 3.5.1f 
is already installed, "rollback" and "unload" the earlier patch before 
installing SLS APP433A.  The SCOadmin Enhancement Supplement (OSS414A) 
is exempt from this stipulation.

More information regarding installation of the Release Supplement may
be found in the SCO OpenServer Release Notes.


II. LOADING THE PATCH

1. Log in as root.

2. If you are installing this SLS from floppy disk media, skip this
   step and proceed to step 3. 

   If you are installing this SLS from a media image, there is a file 
   app433a.tar.  Make a work directory in which to prepare the loadable 
   patch images:
    
        # mkdir /tmp/app433

   Copy the file to the /tmp/app433 directory:

        # cp app433a.tar /tmp/app433

   Extract the patch volume images using the tar command:

        # tar xvf app433a

   The following files should be extracted:

          VOL.000.000
          VOL.000.000.files
          VOL.000.000.sum
          VOL.001.000
          VOL.001.000.files
          VOL.001.000.sum

3. Execute the command:
        
        # scoadmin software

   or double click on the Software Manager icon on the desktop.

4. Pull down the "Software" menu and select 
   "Patch Management-->Load Patch".

5. You will see the "Begin Load Patch" menu.  Be sure the
   local machine name is selected and choose "Continue".

6. You will see the "Select Media" menu. 

   a. If you are loading this SLS from floppy disk media, 
      select the appropriate floppy disk drive and
      choose "Continue".  Proceed to step 7.

   b. If you are loading this SLS from a media image per step 2,
      pull down the "Media Device" menu and select "Media Images",
      then choose "Continue".  You will then see the "Enter Image 
      Directory" menu.  Enter /tmp/app433 and choose "OK".

7. You will see the "Load Patch Preference" menu.  Choose "Full".

8. You will see the "Load Patch Progress" window.  If the patch loads
   successfully, you will see a "Message" window which states "Load 
   Patch complete".  Choose "OK".  You are then returned to the main 
   Software Manager window.

9. To apply the patch now, continue with step 2 under section III, 
   "Applying the Patch".  To exit the Software Manager now, select
   "Exit" from the "Host" menu.
      

III. APPLYING THE PATCH

1. Log in as root. Execute the command:

        # scoadmin software 

   or double click on the Software Manager icon on the desktop.

2. Pull down the Software menu and select "Patch Management-->Apply Patch".

3. You will see the "Begin Apply Patch" menu.  Be sure that the local
   machine name is selected and choose "Continue".

4. You will see the "Select Media" menu. The "Hard Disk" menu item 
   should already be selected.  Choose "Continue".

5. You will be presented with the "Select Patch-product to Apply" menu.
   Highlight the "SCO Advanced Server Supplement" and then choose "Full" to
   continue.

6. You will see the "Apply Patch Progress" window as the system applies
   the patch.

7. You will see this message:

    NOTE: Application or rollback of this patch requires a kernel relink.
          If you are applying or rolling back several patches at this time,
          you may choose to defer the relink until the last patch
          application or rollback.
          Do you want to relink the kernel now? (y/n)

   Enter "y" or "n" based on this message.  Note that you will not be able
   to make use of the the patch until you relink the kernel, hence it is
   suggested that you answer "y" to this question.

8. If you chose "y" in number 7, the kernel will be relinked. In either
   case, you will then see:
   
        Press <RETURN> to continue

   After pressing the <RETURN> key, you will see the "Apply Patch Progress" 
   window, after which you will see a "Message" window stating "Apply Patch 
   Complete".  Choose "OK" and you will be returned to the Software Manager's
   main menu.  Exit the Software Manager by choosing "Exit" from the
   "Host" menu.

9. Log in as root on tty01, and shut down the system:

        # shutdown -g0 -y

   After shutting down and rebooting the machine, application of the patch
   is complete.


IV. NOTES ON NETWORK INSTALLATION

To install the patch on other SCO OpenServer 5 machines over the network,
first load the patch as in section II above on a designated installation 
server.  Then create the user "swadmin" on the installation server.

When running the Software Manager on the system where the patch will be
installed, you will be prompted for the source location of the patch in 
the "Begin Load Patch" window.  Be sure to choose "from another host" 
during this phase.  You will need to provide the name of the installation 
server, as well as the password of the "swadmin" user on the installation 
server, to initiate the installation process.


V. PATCH REMOVAL

NOTE: Patches must be rolled back in the reverse order in which they were
      installed on a per-component basis.  Hence, if the "SCO Advanced Server
      Supplement" is not the most recent patch applied to the UNIX component
      of the product, you will have to rollback all patches applied after the
      "SCO Advanced Server Supplement" prior to rollback of the "SCO Advanced
      Server Supplement."

1. Log in as root.

2. Execute the command:

        # scoadmin software

   or double click on the Software Manager icon in the desktop.

3. Pull down the "Software" menu and select 
   "Patch Management-->Rollback Patch".

4. You will see the "Begin Rollback Patch" menu, and be asked to select
   patched software to rollback. Select "File and Print Services" and
   choose "Continue".

5. You will see the "Patch Selection" window. Make sure that the 
   "File and Print Services Supplement (APP433A)" is selected, and choose 
   "Continue".

6. You will see the "Confirm Selected Patches" window. Choose "Rollback" 
   to confirm removal of the "File and Print Services Supplement (APP433A)".

7. You will see the "Rollback Progress" window, as the system 
   performs the rollback of the patch.

8. Pull down the "Software" menu and select
   "Patch Management-->Rollback Patch".

9. You will see the "Begin Rollback Patch" menu, and be asked to select
   patched software to rollback. Select "Netbeui Protocol" and
   choose "Continue".

10. You will see the "Patch Selection" window. Make sure that the
    "Netbeui Supplement (APP433A)" is selected, and choose "Continue".

11. You will see the "Confirm Selected Patches" window. Choose "Rollback"
    to confirm removal of the "Netbeui Supplement (APP433A)".

12. You will see the "Rollback Progress" window, as the system
    performs the rollback of the patch.

13. You will see this message:
   
    NOTE: Application or rollback of this patch requires a kernel relink.
          If you are applying or rolling back several patches at this time,
          you may choose to defer the relink until the last patch
          application or rollback.
          Do you want to relink the kernel now? (y/n)

    Enter "y" or "n" based on this message. Note that complete rollback of
    this patch requires a relink of the kernel to be complete, hence it is
    suggested that you answer "y" to this question, unless you are installing
    or removing other patches.

14. If you chose "y" in number 8, the kernel will be relinked. In either
    case, you will then see:
   
        Press <RETURN> to continue

    After pressing the <RETURN> key, you will see the "Rollback Progress" 
    window, after which a "Message" window stating "Rollback Patch Complete". 
    Choose "OK" and you will be returned to the Software Manager's main 
    menu. Exit the Software Manager by choosing "Exit" from the "Host" menu.

15. Log in as root on tty01, and shut down the system:

        # shutdown -g0 -y

    After shutting down and rebooting the machine, rollback of the patch
    is complete.

16. To also unload the patch, making it no longer available to be applied, 
    follow the steps in this section.  In step 3, choose:

        "Patch Management-->Unload Patch"

    instead of:
 
        "Patch Management-->Rollback Patch"

If you have questions regarding this SLS, or the product on which it is
installed, please contact your software supplier.  

We appreciate your business.

SCO Support Services
