Dear SCO Customer,

The enclosed Support Level Supplement (SLS) lng287b contains a new Network 
Lock Manager (NLM) for SCO NFS.  This NLM improves the performance of locking 
files on the local file system when the lock manager (/etc/lockd) is running.
Previously all lock requests, both local and remote, had to be processed 
through /etc/lockd.  With the new lock manager, locks of local files bypass 
/etc/lockd, thereby improving performance. 

This SLS is applicable to any platform with a base operating system of
SCO UNIX System V/386 Release 3.2 Version 2.0, running SCO NFS Release 
1.1.1.  This includes SCO Open Desktop Release 1.1.0.  This SLS also works 
properly on systems running SCO MPX 1.1.0 with MPX Update A in any of the 
above configurations. 

On multi-processor systems, this SLS must be installed after installing
SCO MPX 1.1.0 and SCO MPX Update A Release 1.0.0.

If a previous version of this SLS is already installed, this SLS need
only be reinstalled if SCO MPX Release 1.1.0 and SCO MPX Update A
Release 1.0.0 are also installed. 

This SLS is not applicable to systems running SCO UNIX System V/386 Release 
3.2 Version 4.0, or to systems running a release of SCO MPX other than 1.1.0.

To install SLS lng287b, take the following steps:

	1. Shutdown and reboot your system.  Enter System Maintenance 
	   mode by typing your root password at the prompt:

	   Type <Ctrl>d to proceed with normal startup,
	   (or give root password for System Maintenance)

	2. Type:

	   /etc/xinstall

	3. Type "y" at the prompt "First Floppy? (y/n)".

	4. You will be asked to enter your serial number and 
	   activation key.  Enter the appropriate serial number 
	   and activation key as detailed on the screen.
	
	5. Type	"y" at the prompt:
	
	   "Do you wish to relink the kernel now? (y/n/q)"

	6. Type "y" at the prompt:

	   "Do you want this kernel to boot by default? (y/n)"

	7. Type "y" at the prompt:

	   "Do you want the kernel environment rebuilt? (y/n)"

	8. Type "n" at the prompt "Next Floppy? (y/n)".

	9. Type:

	   /etc/reboot

	   to reboot the system. 

       10. Bring up the system and enter multiuser mode for the 
	   changes to take effect.


If you have any questions, please call our SCO Customer Services Department 
at (800) 347-4381.  SCO Customer Service is available Monday through Friday, 
6:00 A.M. to 5:00 P.M., Pacific Time.

We appreciate your business.

SCO Support Services

