Dear SCO Customer,

The enclosed Support Level Supplement (SLS) NET372A contains two new
daemons and a new socket driver for the following products:

SCO TCP/IP Release 1.2.1 
SCO Open Desktop Lite Release 3.0
SCO Open Desktop Release 3.0
SCO Open Server Network System Release 3.0
SCO Open Server Enterprise System Release 3.0

Descriptions of the new daemons and driver provided in SLS NET372A follow:

- /etc/rlogind

This new remote login daemon corrects a problem where extraneous characters
were occasionally displayed during the login process. 

- /etc/snmpd

This new Simple Network Management Protocol (SNMP) daemon provides support 
for SNMP Multiplexing (SMUX) peers.  It also fixes a problem that caused the 
original SNMP daemon to allocate extraneous amounts of memory that would 
eventually affect system performance.  The new snmpd also allows proper 
recognition of traps sent from an SMUX peer.  The original snmpd considered 
all traps sent from an SMUX peer to be Authentication Failure traps.

- /etc/conf/pack.d/socket/Driver.o

This new socket driver provides the ability to set non-blocking mode on
a socket via the O_NONBLOCK argument to the fcntl() system call.

To install SLS NET372A, take the following steps:

	1. Shutdown and reboot your system.  Enter System Maintenance 
	   mode by typing your root password at the prompt:


	   Type CONTROL-d to proceed with normal startup,
	   (or give root password for System Maintenance)

	2. Type:

		   /etc/custom

	3. The main custom "menu" will appear.  The "Install" option will
	   be highlighted.  Press <Return> to select the "Install" option.

	4. A list of installed products will appear.  The first item in 
	   the list, "A New Product", is highlighted.  Press <Return> 
	   to select "A New Product".

	5. Custom will now display your installation options.  By default,
	   "Entire Product" is highlighted.  Press <Return> to select
	   "Entire Product".

	6. Custom will prompt you to insert "Distribution Floppy 1".  Insert
	   the enclosed diskette into the drive and press <Return> while 
	   "Continue" is highlighted.

	7. After extracting some information from the diskette, custom 
	   will display information indicating that it is saving several 
	   files.  Custom will once again prompt you to insert volume 1.
	   Press <Return> while "Continue" is highlighted.

	8. After extracting several files, custom will display messages
	   indicating that it is installing the new daemons and driver.
	   Custom will then prompt you for a serial number and activation 
	   key.  Enter the appropriate serial number and activation key 
	   based on the information displayed on the screen. 

	9. After entering the serial number and activation key, you
	   will be prompted:

		"Do you wish to relink the kernel now? (y/n)"

	   Enter "y" at this prompt.

       10. After the relink of the kernel is complete, you will be
	   prompted:

		"Do you want this kernel to boot by default? (y/n)"

	   Enter "y" at this prompt.

       11. Next, you will be prompted:

		"Do you want the kernel environment rebuilt? (y/n)"

	   Enter "y" at this prompt.

       12. After the kernel environment has been rebuilt, custom 
	   will prompt you to "Press any key to continue".
	   Press <Return>.  Custom will then display the message:

		"Checking file permissions...".

       13. After completing these steps, you will be returned to the
	   main custom menu.  You may quit out of custom at this time. 
	   To reboot the system so that the changes take effect, type:

	        /etc/reboot

It should never become necessary to remove this SLS. However, should
you need to do so, remove the SLS while in System Maintenance mode. 
Enter the command:

	/etc/custom

and choose the menu selections:

	Remove -> Support Level Supplement net372 -> ALL

Follow the directions displayed on the screen to remove the SLS.

During both the installation and removal of this SLS, you are asked to
relink the kernel. If you should choose not to do so during the installation
or removal process, execute the following commands at a later time while
in System Maintenance mode:

	cd /etc/conf/cf.d
	./link_unix

Answer "y" to the questions presented and then reboot your system with the
command:

	/etc/reboot

to complete installation or removal of the SLS.
	  
If you have any questions, please call our SCO Customer Services Department
at (408) 425-4726.  SCO Customer Service is available Monday through Friday,
6:00 A.M. to 5:00 P.M., Pacific Time.

We appreciate your business.


SCO Support Services

