Dear SCO Customer,

The enclosed Support Level Supplement (SLS) NET398B contains 
NFS daemons and drivers for these products:

SCO NFS Release 1.2.1 for SCO UNIX System V/386 Release 3.2 Version 4.2
SCO Open Desktop Release 3.0
SCO Open Server Network System Release 3.0
SCO Open Server Enterprise System Release 3.0

SLS NET398B contains the following new features:

1. A new /etc/exportfs and /etc/mountd are provided that correct 
   problems which might have allowed unauthorized access to the system.

2. A new /etc/yppasswdd daemon is provided that corrects a problem with
   changing passwords under SCO NIS.  

3. A new /etc/ypxfrd daemon and /etc/yp/ypxfr are provided that correct
   a problem with SCO NIS when communicating with a SUN system and
   using short map names. 

4. A new /etc/pcnfsd daemon corrects problems with the recognition of
   supplemental groups, as well as problems managing more than 24 printers.

5. New /etc/lockd and /etc/statd daemons which address various problems
   in the lock manager with regard to the lock manager terminating abnormally
   under heavy load and when trying to interoperate with other lock managers.

6. A new /etc/portmap that corrects a problem where the portmapper
   would exit abnormally under extreme load.

Additionally, this SLS provides two optional drivers, a new nfs driver
and a new lockd driver, which include these enhancements:

        Better handling of third party NFS lock requests;
        Proper handling of the "sticky bit" on directories over NFS;
        NFS export capability of high-sierra CD-ROM filesystems.

Installation of these drivers is not mandatory. The use of these
drivers requires the presence of one of the following additional Support
Level Supplements before configuring the new drivers:

        For systems running SCO MPX Release 3.0, install SLS UOD393C;
        For systems not running SCO MPX Release 3.0, install SLS UOD399A.

The installation procedure is intelligent and will determine if one of 
these SLSs is already installed before attempting to install the optional
drivers. You will also be able to configure the optional drivers at a 
later date, after installing one of the other SLSs.

INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS

1. Shutdown and reboot your system.  Enter System Maintenance
   mode by typing the root password at the prompt:

        Type CONTROL-d to proceed with normal startup,
        (or give root password for System Maintenance)

2. Type:

        /etc/custom

3. The main custom "menu" will appear.  The "Install" option will
   be highlighted.  Press <Enter> to select the "Install" option.

4. A list of installed products will appear.  The first item in
   the list, "A New Product", is highlighted.  Press <Enter> 
   to select "A New Product".

5. Custom will now display your installation options.  By default,
   "Entire Product" is highlighted.  Press <Enter> to select
   "Entire Product".

6. Custom will prompt you to insert "Distribution Floppy 1".  
   Insert the enclosed disk into the drive and press <Enter> 
   while "Continue" is highlighted. 

7. After extracting some information from the disk, custom will 
   display information indicating that it is saving several files.
   Custom will then once again prompt you to insert volume 1. 
   Press <Enter> while "Continue" is highlighted.

8. Custom may then prompt you for a serial number and activation 
   key.  Enter the appropriate serial number and activation key 
   based on the information displayed on the screen. 

9. Custom will automatically run "mkdev nfs-fix". Proceed with step
   number 3 in the section that follows. If the "nfs-fix" script determines
   that your system is not properly configured to install the optional 
   software, or if you choose not to install the optional drivers, 
   you may run "mkdev nfs-fix" at a later time. 

10. After running "mkdev nfs-fix", custom will prompt you to 
    "Press any key to continue". Press <Enter>.  Custom will then 
    display the message:

        "Checking file permissions...".

11. After completing these steps, you will be returned to the
    main custom menu.  You may quit out of custom at this time.
    To reboot the system so that the changes take effect, type:

        /etc/reboot

INSTALLING THE OPTIONAL DRIVERS

1. Reboot your system and enter System Maintenance mode 
   by typing the root password at the prompt:

        Type CONTROL-d to proceed with normal startup,
        (or give root password for System Maintenance)

2. Execute:

        # mkdev nfs-fix

3. The nfs-fix script will determine if your system is properly configured
   to install the new drivers. If so, you will be prompted with the message:

        This system appears properly configured to install
        the optional NFS and LOCKD drivers.
        Continue with the installation? (y/n)

   Enter "y" and press <Enter> to continue with the installation.
   
   If your system is not properly configured to use the new drivers,
   you will see this message, and the "nfs-fix" script will exit:
        
        This SLS contains new NFS and LOCKD drivers.
        Use of these drivers requires further updates to the
        kernel available only through a different SLS.

        If you wish to use the new drivers, first install one of the
        following SLSs and then execute (as root):

                # mkdev nfs-fix

        For systems with SCO MPX 3.0, install SLS UOD393C.
        For systems without MPX, install SLS UOD399A.

   You will need to install one of the listed SLSs before running 
   "mkdev nfs-fix" again.

4. If your system is properly configured and you choose to install the 
   optional drivers, you may be asked to enter a serial number and activation
   key. Enter the appropriate serial number and activation key based on the
   information displayed on the screen.

5. The new nfs driver requires that the high-sierra (hs) driver be configured
   into the kernel. If the high-sierra driver is not already installed 
   into the kernel, you will be prompted with:

        High Sierra / ISO9660 filesystem Configuration Program

         1. Add High Sierra / ISO9660 filesystem to system configuration.
         2. Remove High Sierra / ISO9660 filesystem from system configuration.

        Select an option or enter q to quit:

   Enter "1" at the prompt and press <Enter> to continue. If the high-sierra
   driver is already configured into the kernel, a message indicating this
   will be displayed, and this step, which configures the high-sierra driver
   into the kernel, is skipped.

6. After configuring the new drivers into the kernel, you will be asked
   to re-link the kernel:

        Do you wish to relink the kernel now? (y/n)  

   Enter "y" to continue.  After the kernel is relinked, you will be 
   asked two questions:

        Do you want this kernel to boot by default? (y/n)

        Do you want the kernel environment rebuilt? (y/n)

   Enter "y"  for each question to complete the installation of the new 
   kernel.

7. If you are returned to a shell prompt after running "mkdev nfs-fix", 
   reboot the system for the changes to take affect by typing:

        /etc/reboot

   If "mkdev nfs-fix" was called from within custom, return to the
   previous section to complete the installation.
 
REMOVAL INSTRUCTIONS

Should you ever need to remove this SLS, do so while in System
Maintenance mode.  Enter the command:

        /etc/custom

Choose the menu selections:

        Remove -> NET398B -> ALL

Follow the directions displayed on the screen to remove the SLS.


NOTES

SLS NET398B can be installed with or without the prior presence
of SLS NET398A.

SLS NET398B, when using the optional drivers, includes the functionality
provided by SLS NET373A, namely, NFS export capability of high-sierra
CD-ROM filesystems.  As such, SLS NET373A should never be installed after
installing SLS NET398B. 

Due to kernel dependencies within the new nfs driver, the optional nfs 
driver requires the presence of the high-sierra (hs) driver in the kernel
whether or not you are exporting CD-ROM filesystems. It also requires the
presence of other kernel modules provided by either SLS UOD399A or UOD393C.

While this SLS specifically mentions SLS UOD399A and SLS UOD393C, 
possible later revisions of these SLSs, such as UOD399B or UOD393D, 
should also suffice for the conditions required to use the optional 
drivers in SLS NET398B. 

If you have questions regarding this SLS, or the product on which
it is installed, please contact your software supplier.

We appreciate your business.

SCO Support Services

