Dear SCO Customer,

The enclosed Support Level Supplement (SLS) NET379A contains new
sendmail binaries for the following products:

SCO TCP/IP Release 1.2.0 for SCO XENIX Systems
SCO TCP/IP Release 1.2.0 for SCO UNIX System V/386 Release 3.2 Version 4.1
SCO TCP/IP Release 1.2.1 for SCO UNIX System V/386 Release 3.2 Version 4.2
SCO Open Desktop Release 2.0 and 3.0
SCO Open Desktop Lite Release 3.0
SCO Open Server Network System Release 3.0
SCO Open Server Enterprise System Release 3.0

The new sendmail binaries correct problems which might allow a user to gain 
unauthorized access to system resources, programs, and files.  SLS NET379A 
only installs on systems that already have sendmail configured.  Those systems
using MMDF as the mail system do not need to install this SLS.

To install SLS NET379A on all systems listed above except SCO TCP/IP Release
1.2.0 for SCO XENIX Systems, take the following steps:

1. Shutdown and reboot your system.  Enter System Maintenance mode by 
   typing your root password at the prompt:

   Type CONTROL-d to proceed with normal startup,
   (or give root password for System Maintenance)

2. Type:

   /etc/custom

3. The main custom "menu" will appear.  The "Install" option will
   be highlighted.  Press <Return> to select the "Install" option.

4. A list of installed products will appear.  The first item in 
   the list, "A New Product", is highlighted.  Press <Return> 
   to select "A New Product".

5. Custom will now display your installation options.  By default,
   "Entire Product" is highlighted.  Press <Return> to select
   "Entire Product".

6. Custom will prompt you to insert "Distribution Floppy 1".  Insert
   the enclosed diskette into the drive and press <Return> while 
   "Continue" is highlighted.

7. After extracting some information from the diskette, custom 
   will once again prompt you to insert volume 1.
   Press <Return> while "Continue" is highlighted.

8. After custom has completed extracting and installing the new
   sendmail binary, you will be returned to the main custom menu.  
   You may quit out of custom at this time.  For the changes to take
   effect, bring the system to multiuser mode by typing ^D <Control-D> 
   at the shell prompt. 

To install this SLS on SCO TCP/IP Release 1.2.0 for SCO XENIX Systems, 
take the following steps while in System Maintenance mode:

Execute:

     # /etc/custom

Custom will display a menu and a prompt similar to the following:

     1. Operating System
     2. Development System
     3. Text Processing System
     4. Add a Supported Product
     5. SCO Streams Runtime
     6. SCO TCP/IP Runtime System
     7. SCO TCP/IP 1.2.0 Maintenance Supplement

     Select a set to customize or enter q to quit: 

Enter "4" at the prompt and press <Return>.  Custom will then prompt you
as follows:

     Insert distribution volume 1
     and press <RETURN> or enter q to quit: 

Insert the SLS disk into the floppy drive and press <Return>.

Custom will then display another menu and a prompt similar to the following:

     1. Install one or more packages
     2. Remove one or more packages
     3. List the available packages
     4. List the files in a package
     5. Install a single file
     6. Select a new set to customize
     7. Display current disk usage
     8. Help

     Select an option or enter q to quit: 

Enter "1" at this prompt to "Install one or more packages."

Custom next displays a list, followed by a prompt, similar to the following:

     Name    Inst    Size    Support Level Supplement net379a packages
     --------------------------------------------------------------------
     ALL     No      916     Entire Support Level Supplement net379a Set
     net379a No      906     Support Level Supplement net379a

     Enter the package(s) to install
     or enter q to return to the menu: 

Enter "all" at this prompt.

Custom will again prompt you to insert the SLS diskette into the drive:

     Insert Support Level Supplement net379 volume 1
     and press <RETURN> or enter q to return to the menu: 

As the disk is already in the drive, just press <Return>.

Custom will display the following messages and then return to a menu followed
by a prompt:

     Extracting files ... 
     Installing new sendmail...
     Checking file permissions ... 

     1. Install one or more packages
     2. Remove one or more packages
     3. List the available packages
     4. List the files in a package
     5. Install a single file
     6. Select a new set to customize
     7. Display current disk usage
     8. Help

     Select an option or enter q to quit: 

Enter "q" at the prompt to exit the installation process.

At this point, type a ^D <Control-D> at the shell prompt to enter
multiuser mode so that the changes can take effect.

If you ever update SCO TCP/IP or SCO Open Desktop, remove this SLS prior 
to doing so.  If the new version of SCO TCP/IP or SCO Open Desktop requires 
this SLS, it should be reinstalled after doing the update.  Removal of this 
SLS should only take place in System Maintenance mode via the custom program.

If you have any questions, please call our SCO Customer Services Department
at (408) 425-4726.  SCO Customer Service is available Monday through Friday,
6:00 A.M. to 5:00 P.M., Pacific Time. 

We appreciate your business.

SCO Support Services
