Dear SCO Customer,

This Support Level Supplement (SLS) OSS424A will allow the installation of 
SCO system software on systems implemented with faster CPUs and an AMI 
keyboard BIOS.  In this case, faster CPUs can generally be defined as 
systems employing a Pentium processor executing at 75Mhz or faster.  The
problem occurs when the keyboard locks up and no longer handles keyboard
events.

SLS OSS424A can be installed on these SCO products:

    SCO MPX Release 3.0
    SCO SMP (Symmetrical Multiprocessing) Release 5.0.0
    SCO Open Server Enterprise System Release 3.0
    SCO Open Server Network System Release 3.0
    SCO Open Desktop Release 3.0
    SCO Open Desktop Lite Release 3.0
    SCO UNIX System V/386 Release 3.2 Operating System Version 4.2
    SCO OpenServer Enterprise System Release 5.0.0
    SCO OpenServer Desktop System Release 5.0.0
    SCO OpenServer Host System Release 5.0.0


A Boot Time Loadable Driver (BTLD), the "kbp" BTLD, is contained in SLS 
OSS424A.  BTLDs are used by entering a command at the "Boot:" prompt. 
To properly install this BTLD, follow these directions:

If the kbp BTLD is the only BTLD being used, use this command:

                 Boot
                 : defbootstr link="kbp"

If more than one BTLD will be used, use this command:

                 Boot
                 : defbootstr link="kbp other-btld"

For example, if the system software is installed from a CD-ROM on an Adaptec 
2940, this command line would be used:

                 Boot
                 : defbootstr link="kbp alad"

If you have SCO OpenServer Release 5, and are using another BTLD that 
requires you to use ahslink, use this command:

                 Boot
                 : defbootstr ahslink="kbp other-btld"

For example, if the system software is installed from a CD-ROM on the IDE 
bus, this command line would be used:

                 Boot
                 : defbootstr ahslink="kbp ATAPI"

The message "Characteristic 'B' not supported; ignored" may be displayed.
This message can be safely ignored and will not adversely affect the operation 
of the BTLD.

Note:  Wait for the installation program to prompt for disk changes.  Do not 
change floppies until instructed.

When a BTLD is installed, the appropriate components are installed into the 
link kit.  By placing the components in the link kit all subsequent kernel 
links will contain the BTLD modules.  Therefore, when a driver is added or 
removed from the system, the proper BTLD components continue to be present 
in newly built kernels.

If your system has already been installed and you want to add the kbp package,
use the "installpkg" command.  Insert the kbp BTLD disk, SLS OSS424A, in your 
floppy drive and type "installpkg."

After the driver is installed, activate it by editing the file 
/etc/conf/sdevice.d/kbp.  The file will contain one line like this:

              kbp    N     1     5     0     0     0     0     0     0

Change the "N" to a "Y" so it looks like this:

              kbp    Y     1     5     0     0     0     0     0     0

Link a new kernel by typing /etc/conf/cf.d/link_unix.  The new driver will 
take effect the next time you reboot.

If you have questions regarding this SLS, or the product on which it is
installed, please contact your software supplier.

We appreciate your business.

SCO Support Services

