Dear SCO Customer,

The enclosed Support Level Supplement (SLS) OSS468A, the Networking
and SMP Supplement, corrects problems in multiprocessor systems and 
in networking.


RELEASE INFORMATION

SLS OSS468A is intended for use on these products:

        SCO OpenServer Host System Release 5.0.0, 5.0.2
        SCO OpenServer Desktop System Release 5.0.0, 5.0.2
        SCO OpenServer Enterprise System Release 5.0.0, 5.0.2
        SCO Internet FastStart Release 1.0.0, 1.1.0

Note: To address the same issues in SCO OpenServer Release 5.0.4, 
please see Support Level Supplement OSS469A, the Networking and SMP 
Supplement for OpenServer 5.0.4.

Prerequisites:

        On OpenServer 5.0.0, the following updates MUST be installed
        prior to this patch:

        - Release Supplement 5.0.0d (rs500d)
          ftp://ftp.sco.com/Supplements/rs500d/

        - Networking Supplement 1.0 (net100)
          ftp://ftp.sco.com/Supplements/net100/

        - SLS OSS449F (Network Maintenance Supplement)
          ftp://ftp.sco.com/SLS/oss449f/


        On OpenServer 5.0.2, the following updates MUST be installed
        prior to this patch:

        - SLS oss449f (Network Maintenance Supplement)
          ftp://ftp.sco.com/SLS/oss449f/

OSS468A supersedes sse010.


SLS OSS468A corrects the following problems:

1.  System "hang" (no keyboard response or other apparent system activity)
    under network load.  May be followed by a warning message similar to 
    "WARNING: IP: spinning on pcb ..." after several minutes.  May be 
    accompanied by a depletion of streams buffers.  Only occurs on 
    multiprocessor systems.

2.  Lock timeout panic in "narrowcast" or "cpuintr".  Only seen on 
    multiprocessor systems.

3.  Unexpected Out of Band Data denial-of-service attack.  An exploit 
    has been distributed under the name "winnuke".

4.  Spoofed Self-connect Packets denial-of-service attack.  Exploits 
    have been distributed under the names "land" and "latierra".

Note: OpenServer systems are NOT vulnerable to IP denial-of-service
attacks based on fragmented packets with invalid sizes.  Exploits
have been distributed under the names "teardrop", "bonk", and "newtear".

5.  Warning message "WARNING: NLM:  request to server  failed:", followed 
    by panic in "printf" called from NFS lock manager.

6.  Incoming udp broadcasts can bring down a system by using up all its 
    streams buffers.  May be caused because a program, such as scologin, 
    has stopped reading incoming packets.  May be caused by a flood of 
    incoming packets which are arriving too fast for a slow system.

7.  AFPS performance problem.  Setting the option TCP_NODELAY improves 
    performance of certain size transactions, which would otherwise show 
    large degradation in performance.

8.  UNIX domain sockets performance problem.  Performance of UNIX domain 
    sockets would degrade with multiple CPUs compared with a single CPU.

9.  Lock timeout panic associated with "nsmsrv" processes.  Panic typically 
    occurs in routine "select."

10. Invalid information reported on lock timeouts.  The addresses printed 
    on a lock timeout panic were inaccurate.

11. Divide-by-zero panic introduced in OSS449F.  Corrects problem with 
    "ip_spinreport" variable which could provoke a trap type 0.


INSTALLATION AND REMOVAL INSTRUCTIONS

Installing patches on SCO OpenServer Release 5 usually consists of two 
phases: "Loading" and "Applying".  The instructions that follow enable 
you to both install the patch from distribution media or media image, 
as well as configure the patch to be installed from a remote SCO OpenServer 
Release 5 system over a TCP/IP network.


I. LOADING THE PATCH

1.  Log in as root.

2.  If you are installing this SLS from floppy disk media, skip
    this step and proceed to step 3.

    If you are installing this SLS from a media image, there is a
    file called oss468a.Z.  Uncompress this file with this command:

              # uncompress oss468a.Z

    Copy the file to the /tmp directory and name it VOL.000.000:

              # cp oss468a /tmp/VOL.000.000

3.  Execute the command:

              # scoadmin software

    or double-click on the Software Manager icon on the desktop.

4.  Pull down the "Software" menu and select "Patch Management-->Load Patch".

5.  You will see the "Begin Load Patch" menu.  Be sure the local machine 
    name is selected and choose "Continue".

6.  You will see the "Select Media" menu.

    a.  If you are loading this SLS from floppy disk media,
        select the appropriate floppy disk drive and choose
        "Continue".  Proceed to step 7.

    b.  If you are loading this SLS from a media image per step 2, 
        pull down the "Media Device" menu and select "Media Images", 
        then choose "Continue".  You will then see the "Enter Image 
        Directory" menu.  Enter /tmp and choose "OK".

7.  You will see the "Load Patch Preference" menu.  Choose "Full".

8.  You will see the "Load Patch Progress" window.  If the patch loads 
    successfully, you will see a "Message" window which states "Load 
    Patch complete".  Choose "OK".  You are then returned to the main 
    Software Manager window.

9.  To apply the patch now, continue with step 2 under section II, 
    "Applying the Patch".  To exit the Software Manager now, select 
    "Exit" from the "Host" menu.


II. APPLYING THE PATCH

1.  Log in as root. Execute the command:

              # scoadmin software

    or double-click on the Software Manager icon on the desktop.

2.  Pull down the Software menu and select "Patch Management-->Apply Patch".

3.  You will see the "Begin Apply Patch" menu.  Be sure that the local 
    machine name is selected and choose "Continue".

4.  You will see the "Select Media" menu. The "Hard Disk" menu item should 
    already be selected.  Choose "Continue".

5.  You will be presented with the "Select Patch-product to Apply" menu.  
    Highlight the "Networking and SMP Supplement" patch and then choose 
    "Full" to continue.

6.  You will see the "Apply Patch Progress" window as the system applies 
    the patch.

7.  You will see this message:

     NOTE: Application or rollback of this patch requires a kernel
           relink.  If you are applying or rolling back several
           patches at this time, you may choose to defer the
           relink until the last patch application or rollback.
           Do you want to relink the kernel now? (y/n)

    Enter "y" or "n" based on this message.  Note that you will not be able 
    to make use of the patch until you relink the kernel.  Therefore, it is 
    suggested that you answer "y" to this question.

8.  If you chose "y", the kernel will be relinked. In either case, you 
    will then see:

              Press <Enter> to continue

    After pressing <Enter>, you will see the "Apply Patch Progress" window, 
    after which you will see a "Message" window stating "Apply Patch Complete".     Choose "OK" and you will be returned to the Software Manager's main menu.  
    Exit the Software Manager by choosing "Exit" from the "Host" menu.

9.  Log in as root on tty01, and shut down the system:

              # shutdown -g0 -y

    After shutting down and rebooting the machine, application of the patch 
    is complete.


III. NOTES ON NETWORK INSTALLATION

To install the patch on other SCO OpenServer 5.0.0/5.0.2 machines over the 
network, first load the patch as in section I above on a designated 
installation server.  Then create the user "swadmin" on the installation 
server.

When running the Software Manager on the system where the patch will be 
installed, you will be prompted for the source location of the patch in the 
"Begin Load Patch" window.  Be sure to choose "From Another Host" during this 
phase.  You will need to provide the name of the installation server, as well 
as the password of the "swadmin" user on the installation server, to initiate 
the installation process.


IV. PATCH REMOVAL

Note: Patches must be rolled back in the reverse order in which they were 
installed on a per-component basis.  Hence, if the Networking and SMP 
Supplement patch is not the most recent patch applied to the UNIX component 
of the product, you will have to roll back all patches applied after the 
Networking and SMP Supplement patch prior to rollback of the Networking 
and SMP Supplement patch.

1.  Log in as root.

2.  Execute the command:

              # scoadmin software

    or double-click on the Software Manager icon in the desktop.

3.  Pull down the "Software" menu and select "Patch Management-->
    Rollback Patch".

4.  You will see the "Begin Rollback Patch" menu, and be asked to select 
    patched software to roll back. Select "SCO UNIX System V Operating 
    System" and choose "Continue".

5.  You will see the "Patch Selection" window. Make sure that the Networking 
    and SMP Supplement patch is selected, and choose "Continue".

6.  You will see the "Confirm Selected Patches" window. Choose "Rollback" 
    to confirm removal of the Networking and SMP Supplement patch.

7.  You will see the "Rollback Progress" window, as the system performs 
    the rollback of the patch.

8.  You will see this message:

     NOTE: Application or rollback of this patch requires a kernel
           relink.  If you are applying or rolling back several
           patches at this time, you may choose to defer the
           relink until the last patch application or rollback.
           Do you want to relink the kernel now? (y/n)

    Enter "y" or "n" based on this message.  Note that complete rollback of 
    this patch requires a relink of the kernel to be complete.  Therefore, 
    it is suggested that you answer "y" to this question, unless you are 
    installing or removing other patches.

9.  If you chose "y", the kernel will be relinked. In either case, you will 
    then see:

              Press <Enter> to continue

    After pressing the <Enter> key, you will see the "Rollback Progress" 
    window, after which a "Message" window stating "Rollback Patch Complete".  
    Choose "OK" and you will be returned to the Software Manager's main menu. 
    Exit the Software Manager by choosing "Exit" from the "Host" menu.

10. Log in as root on tty01, and shut down the system:

              # shutdown -g0 -y

    After shutting down and rebooting the machine, rollback of the patch 
    is complete.

11. To also unload the patch, making it no longer available to be applied, 
    follow steps 1 through 10 in this section.  However, in step 3, choose:

              "Patch Management-->Unload Patch"

    instead of:

              "Patch Management-->Rollback Patch"


If you have questions regarding this SLS, or the product on which it is 
installed, please contact your software supplier.

We appreciate your business.

SCO Support Services
