Dear SCO Customer,

The enclosed Support Level Supplement, (SLS) OSS440A, the License Manager
GUI Supplement, once loaded and applied allows you to install SCO Merge 
Desktop Release 3.2.2 on an OpenServer Release 5.0.2 Enterprise or Host 
System.


INSTALLATION AND REMOVAL INSTRUCTIONS

Installing patches on SCO OpenServer 5.0.2 usually consists of two phases:
"Loading" and "Applying".  The instructions that follow enable you to 
both install the patch from distribution media or media image, as well 
as configure the patch to be installed from a remote SCO OpenServer 5.0.2 
system over a TCP/IP network.



I. LOADING THE PATCH

1. Log in as root.

2. If you are installing this SLS from floppy disk media, skip this
   step and proceed to step 3. 

   If you are installing this SLS from a media image, there is a file
   called oss440a.Z.  Uncompress this file with this command:

        # uncompress oss440a.Z

   Copy the file to the /tmp directory and name it VOL.000.000:

        # cp oss440a /tmp/VOL.000.000

3. Execute the command:
        
        # scoadmin software

   or double click on the Software Manager icon on the desktop.

4. Pull down the "Software" menu and select 
   "Patch Management-->Load Patch".

5. You will see the "Begin Load Patch" menu.  Be sure the
   local machine name is selected and choose "Continue".

6. You will see the "Select Media" menu. 

   a. If you are loading this SLS from floppy disk media, 
      select the appropriate floppy disk drive and
      choose "Continue".  Proceed to step 7.

   b. If you are loading this SLS from a media image per step 2,
      pull down the "Media Device" menu and select "Media Images",
      then choose "Continue".  You will then see the "Enter Image 
      Directory" menu.  Enter /tmp and choose "OK".

7. You will see the "Load Patch Preference" menu.  Choose "Full".

8. You will see the "Load Patch Progress" window.  If the patch loads
   successfully, you will see a "Message" window which states "Load 
   Patch complete".  Choose "OK".  You are then returned to the main 
   Software Manager window.

9. To apply the patch now, continue with step 2 under section II, 
   "Applying the Patch".  To exit the Software Manager now, select
   "Exit" from the "Host" menu.
      

II. APPLYING THE PATCH

1. Log in as root. Execute the command:

        # scoadmin software 

   or double click on the Software Manager icon on the desktop.

2. Pull down the Software menu and select "Patch Management-->Apply Patch".

3. You will see the "Begin Apply Patch" menu.  Be sure that the local
   machine name is selected and choose "Continue".

4. You will see the "Select Media" menu. The "Hard Disk" menu item 
   should already be selected.  Choose "Continue".

5. You will be presented with the "Select Patch-product to Apply" menu.
   Highlight the "License Manager GUI Supplement" patch and then choose 
   "Full" to continue.

6. You will see the "Apply Patch Progress" window as the system applies
   the patch.  If the patch applies successfully you will see a "Message"
   window which states "Apply Patch complete."  Choose "OK".  You are then 
   returned to the main Software Manager window.

7. Exit the Software Manager by choosing "Exit" from the "Host" menu.

8. Log in as root on tty01, and shut down the system:

        # shutdown -g0 -y

   After shutting down and rebooting the machine, application of the patch
   is complete.


III. NOTES ON NETWORK INSTALLATION

To install the patch on other SCO OpenServer 5.0.2 machines over the 
network, first load the patch as in section I above on a designated 
installation server.  Then create the user "swadmin" on the installation 
server.

When running the Software Manager on the system where the patch will be
installed, you will be prompted for the source location of the patch in 
the "Begin Load Patch" window.  Be sure to choose "From Another Host" 
during this phase.  You will need to provide the name of the installation 
server, as well as the password of the "swadmin" user on the installation 
server, to initiate the installation process.


IV. PATCH REMOVAL

NOTE: Patches must be rolled back in the reverse order in which they were 
installed on a per-component basis.  Hence, if the "License Manager GUI 
Supplement" patch is not the most recent patch applied to the UNIX
component of the product, you will have to rollback all patches applied
after the "License Manager GUI Supplement" patch prior to rollback of the 
"License Manager GUI Supplement" patch.

1. Log in as root.

2. Execute the command:

        # scoadmin software

   or double click on the Software Manager icon in the desktop.

3. Pull down the "Software" menu and select 
   "Patch Management-->Rollback Patch".

4. You will see the "Begin Rollback Patch" menu, and be asked to select
   patched software to rollback. Select "SCO UNIX System V Operating System"
   and choose "Continue".

5. You will see the "Patch Selection" window. Make sure that the 
   "License Manager GUI Supplement" patch is selected, and choose "Continue".

6. You will see the "Confirm Selected Patches" window. Choose "Rollback" 
   to confirm removal of the "License Manager GUI Supplement" patch.

7. You will see the "Rollback Progress" window, as the system performs 
   the rollback of the patch. If the patch rollback is successful
   you will see a "Message" window stating "Rollback Patch Complete". 
   Choose "OK" and you will be returned to the Software Manager's main 
   menu.

8. Exit the Software Manager by choosing "Exit" from the "Host" menu.

9. Log in as root on tty01, and shut down the system:

        # shutdown -g0 -y

   After shutting down and rebooting the machine, rollback of the patch
   is complete.

10. To also unload the patch, making it no longer available to be applied, 
   follow steps 1 through 9 in this section.  However, in step 3, choose:

        "Patch Management-->Unload Patch"

    instead of:
 
        "Patch Management-->Rollback Patch"


If you have questions regarding this SLS, or the product on which it is
installed, please contact your software supplier.  

We appreciate your business.

SCO Support Services


