Dear SCO Customer,

The enclosed Support Level Supplement (SLS) OSS434A, the HTFS Supplement,
provides a new HTFS driver that resolves the following known problems 
with the HTFS filesystem on SCO OpenServer Release 5.0.0 with Release 
Supplement 5.0.0d applied:

         o Buffer cache deadlock when installing Oracle with 16 Mb of memory.
           This was resolved in Support Level Supplement OSS415A.  However,
           OSS415A could not install on top of Release Supplement 5.0.0d.  
           Thus, OSS434A, installed on top of Release Supplement 5.0.0d, 
           replaces OSS415A.

         o Filesystem corruption induced by certain combinations of file
           moves and overwrites. This problem is indicated by different 
           behaviors and messages:

            - "PANIC: HTFS: Free block #### epi freed on HTFS dev hd(#/#)"
            - "NOTICE: HTFS: Allocated inode ### in HTFS dev hd(#/#) superblock"
            - "PANIC: HTFS: Free block #### freed on HTFS"
            - 'fsck -o full' reports the file system is corrupted (wrong link 
              counts and missing blocks)

         o Unmounting an S51K filesystem that has had changes made results 
           in it not being marked clean, so fsck(ADM) has to be run.
       
         o Occasionally jerky system performance under heavy filesystem I/O.

         o "Out of inodes" problems and error messages:

            - When there are not many free inodes left on the system, the
              filesystem seems to run out of inodes prematurely.
            - System reports "out of inodes" even when there are plenty
              of free inodes left on the system.
            - 'fsck -o full' occasionally reports that it is updating the 
              inode bitmap segment.

At the time these instructions were written, there were two Release
Supplements available for OpenServer 5.0.0.  Release Supplement version 
5.0.0c was shipped with the original OpenServer 5.0.0 distribution, and 
version 5.0.0d was shipped in late September 1995.  This SLS is applicable 
to OpenServer Release 5.0.0 with Release Supplement version 5.0.0d
installed.  This SLS will _not_ install unless Release Supplement version
5.0.0d has already been applied.  The changes included in this SLS have 
been incorporated into SCO OpenServer Release 5.0.2.


INSTALLATION AND REMOVAL INSTRUCTIONS

Installing patches on SCO OpenServer 5.0.0 usually consists of two phases:
"Loading" and "Applying".  The instructions that follow enable you to 
both install the patch from distribution media or media image, as well 
as configure the patch to be installed from a remote SCO OpenServer 5.0.0 
system over a TCP/IP network.


I. BEFORE LOADING THE PATCH

Ensure that the SCO OpenServer Release Supplement version 5.0.0d has been 
applied on the system BEFORE loading and applying this SLS.

Release Supplement version 5.0.0d may be downloaded from the SCO Online
Support (SOS) system.  The relevant ftp site is:

        ftp://ftp.sco.com/Supplements/rs500d

You can also access this same site via the SCO web site http://www.sco.com;
downloadable software from SCO Services can be viewed and chosen at:

        http://www.sco.com/Support/download.html



II. LOADING THE PATCH

1.  Log in as root.

2.  If you are installing this SLS from a media image, there is a file
    called oss434a.Z.  Uncompress this file with this command:

        # uncompress oss434a.Z

    Copy the file to the /tmp directory and name it VOL.000.000:

        # cp oss434a /tmp/VOL.000.000

    If you are installing this SLS from floppy disk media, skip this
    step and proceed to step 3. 

3.  Execute the command:
        
        # scoadmin software

    or double click on the Software Manager icon on the desktop.

4.  Pull down the "Software" menu and select 
    "Patch Management-->Load Patch".

5.  You will see the "Begin Load Patch" menu.  Be sure the
    local machine name is selected and choose "Continue".

6.  You will see the "Select Media" menu. 

    a. If you are loading this SLS from a media image per step 2,
       pull down the "Media Device" menu and select "Media Images",
       then choose "Continue".  You will then see the "Enter Image 
       Directory" menu.  Enter /tmp and choose "OK".

    b. If you are loading this SLS from floppy disk media, 
       select the appropriate floppy disk drive and
       choose "Continue".  Proceed to step 7.

7.  You will see the "Load Patch Preference" menu.  Choose "Full".

8.  You will see the "Load Patch Progress" window.  If the patch loads
    successfully, you will see a "Message" window which states "Load 
    Patch complete".  Choose "OK".  You are then returned to the main 
    Software Manager window.

9.  To apply the patch now, continue with step 2 under section III, 
    "Applying the Patch".  To exit the Software Manager now, select
    "Exit" from the "Host" menu.
      

III. APPLYING THE PATCH

1.  Log in as root. Execute the command:

        # scoadmin software 

    or double click on the Software Manager icon on the desktop.

2.  Pull down the Software menu and select "Patch Management-->Apply Patch".

3.  You will see the "Begin Apply Patch" menu.  Be sure that the local
    machine name is selected and choose "Continue".

4.  You will see the "Select Media" menu. The "Hard Disk" menu item 
    should already be selected.  Choose "Continue".

5.  You will be presented with the "Select Patch-product to Apply" menu.
    Highlight the "HTFS Supplement" patch and then choose 
    "Full" to continue.

6.  You will see the "Apply Patch Progress" window as the system applies
    the patch.

7.  You will see this message:

    NOTE: Application or rollback of this patch requires a kernel relink.
          If you are applying or rolling back several patches at this time,
          you may choose to defer the relink until the last patch
          application or rollback.
          Do you want to relink the kernel now? (y/n)

    Enter "y" or "n" based on this message. Note that you will not be able
    to make use of the the patch until you relink the kernel. Therefore, 
    it is suggested that you answer "y" to this question.

8.  If you chose "y", the kernel will be relinked. In either case, you 
    will then see:
   
        Press <RETURN> to continue

    After pressing the <RETURN> key, you will see the "Apply Patch Progress" 
    window, after which you will see a "Message" window stating "Apply Patch 
    Complete".  Choose "OK" and you will be returned to the Software Manager's
    main menu.  Exit the Software Manager by choosing "Exit" from the
    "Host" menu.

9.  Log in as root on tty01, and shut down the system:

        # shutdown -g0 -y

    After shutting down and rebooting the machine, application of the patch
    is complete.


IV. NOTES ON NETWORK INSTALLATION

To install the patch on other SCO OpenServer 5.0.0 machines over the 
network, first load the patch as in section II above on a designated 
installation server.  Then create the user "swadmin" on the installation 
server.

When running the Software Manager on the system where the patch will be
installed, you will be prompted for the source location of the patch in 
the "Begin Load Patch" window.  Be sure to choose "From Another Host" 
during this phase.  You will need to provide the name of the installation 
server, as well as the password of the "swadmin" user on the installation 
server, to initiate the installation process.


V. PATCH REMOVAL

NOTE: Patches must be rolled back in the reverse order in which they 
were installed on a per-component basis.  Hence, if the "HTFS Supplement"
patch is not the most recent patch applied to the UNIX component
of the product, you will have to rollback all patches applied after
the "HTFS Supplement" patch prior to rollback of the "HTFS Supplement".



1.  Log in as root.

2.  Execute the command:

        # scoadmin software

    or double click on the Software Manager icon in the desktop.

3.  Pull down the "Software" menu and select 
    "Patch Management-->Rollback Patch".

4.  You will see the "Begin Rollback Patch" menu, and be asked to select
    patched software to rollback. Select "SCO UNIX System V Operating System"
    and choose "Continue".

5.  You will see the "Patch Selection" window. Make sure that the 
    "HTFS Supplement" patch is selected, and choose "Continue".

6.  You will see the "Confirm Selected Patches" window. Choose
    "Rollback" to confirm removal of the "HTFS Supplement" patch.

7.  You will see the "Rollback Progress" window, as the system 
    performs the rollback of the patch.

8.  You will see this message:
   
    NOTE: Application or rollback of this patch requires a kernel relink.
          If you are applying or rolling back several patches at this time,
          you may choose to defer the relink until the last patch
          application or rollback.
          Do you want to relink the kernel now? (y/n)

    Enter "y" or "n" based on this message. Note that complete rollback of
    this patch requires a relink of the kernel to be complete. Therefore,
    it is suggested that you answer "y" to this question, unless you are 
    installing or removing other patches.

9.  If you chose "y", the kernel will be relinked. In either case, you 
    will then see:
   
        Press <RETURN> to continue

    After pressing the <RETURN> key, you will see the "Rollback Progress" 
    window, after which a "Message" window stating "Rollback Patch Complete". 
    Choose "OK" and you will be returned to the Software Manager's main 
    menu. Exit the Software Manager by choosing "Exit" from the "Host" menu.

10. Log in as root on tty01, and shut down the system:

        # shutdown -g0 -y

    After shutting down and rebooting the machine, rollback of the patch
    is complete.

11. To also unload the patch, making it no longer available to be applied, 
    follow steps 1 through 10 in this section.  However, in step 3, choose:

        "Patch Management-->Unload Patch"

    instead of:
 
        "Patch Management-->Rollback Patch"


If you have questions regarding this SLS, or the product on which it is
installed, please contact your software supplier.  

We appreciate your business.

SCO Support Services

