Dear SCO Customer,

The enclosed Support Level Supplement (SLS) OSS437A, corrects two known
problems in the streams driver. The first patch prevents lock timeout panics,
the second one addresses a problem where the select() system call would 
continue sleeping even when t_snd data arrived on the select()'ed file 
descriptor.

INSTALLATION AND REMOVAL INSTRUCTIONS

Installing patches on SCO OpenServer 5.0.x usually consists of two phases:
"Loading" and "Applying".  The instructions that follow enable you to both 
install the patch from distribution media or media image, as well as 
configure the patch to be installed from a remote SCO OpenServer 5.0.x
system over a TCP/IP network.


I. LOADING THE PATCH

1. Log in as root.

2. If you are installing this SLS from a media image, there is a file
   called oss437a.Z.  Uncompress this file with this command:

        # uncompress oss437a.Z

   Copy the file to the /tmp directory and name it VOL.000.000:

        # cp oss437a /tmp/VOL.000.000

   If you are installing this SLS from floppy disk media, skip this
   step and proceed to step 3.

3. Execute the command:
        
        # scoadmin software

   or double click on the Software Manager icon on the desktop.

4. Pull down the "Software" menu and select 
   "Patch Management-->Load Patch".

5. You will see the "Begin Load Patch" menu.  Be sure the
   local machine name is selected and choose "Continue".

6. You will see the "Select Media" menu. 

   a. If you are loading this SLS from floppy disk media, 
      select the appropriate floppy disk drive and
      choose "Continue".  Proceed to step 7.

   b. If you are loading this SLS from a media image per step 2,
      pull down the "Media Device" menu and select "Media Images",
      then choose "Continue".  You will then see the "Enter Image 
      Directory" menu.  Enter /tmp and choose "OK".

7. You will see the "Load Patch Preference" menu.  Choose "Full".

8. You will see the "Load Patch Progress" window.  If the patch loads
   successfully, you will see a "Message" window which states "Load 
   Patch complete".  Choose "OK".  You are then returned to the main 
   Software Manager window.

9. To apply the patch now, continue with step 2 under section II, 
   "Applying the Patch".  To exit the Software Manager now, select
   "Exit" from the "Host" menu.
      

II. APPLYING THE PATCH

1. Log in as root. Execute the command:

        # scoadmin software 

   or double click on the Software Manager icon on the desktop.

2. Pull down the Software menu and select "Patch Management-->Apply Patch".

3. You will see the "Begin Apply Patch" menu.  Be sure that the local
   machine name is selected and choose "Continue".

4. You will see the "Select Media" menu. The "Hard Disk" menu item 
   should already be selected.  Choose "Continue".

5. You will be presented with the "Select Patch-product to Apply" menu.
   Highlight the "Streams Lock Timeout and Protocol Data Supplement oss437a"
   patch and then choose "Full" to continue.

6. You will see the "Apply Patch Progress" window as the system applies
   the patch.

7. You will see an information window displaying the message:

      During this apply patch, the kernel was relinked. You must reboot
      your system to make this kernel effective.

   Click on "OK". 

8. You will see a "Message" window stating "Apply Patch Complete".  Choose "OK"
   and you will be returned to the Software Manager's main menu.  Exit the
   Software Manager by choosing "Exit" from the "Host" menu.

9. Log in as root on tty01, and shut down the system:

        # shutdown -g0 -y

   After shutting down and rebooting the machine, application of the patch
   is complete.


III. NOTES ON NETWORK INSTALLATION

To install the patch on other SCO OpenServer 5.0.* machines over the network,
first load the patch as in section I above on a designated installation 
server.  Then create the user "swadmin" on the installation server.

When running the Software Manager on the system where the patch will be
installed, you will be prompted for the source location of the patch in 
the "Begin Load Patch" window.  Be sure to choose "from another host" 
during this phase.  You will need to provide the name of the installation 
server, as well as the password of the "swadmin" user on the installation 
server, to initiate the installation process.


IV. PATCH REMOVAL


NOTE: Patches must be rolled back in the reverse order in which they were 
installed on a per-component basis.  Hence, if the "Streams Lock Timeout 
and Protocol Data Supplement oss437a" patch is not the most recent patch 
applied to the UNIX component of the product, you will have to rollback 
all patches applied after the "Streams Lock Timeout and Protocol Data 
Supplement oss437a" patch prior to rollback of the "Streams Lock Timeout 
and Protocol Data Supplement oss437a" patch.

If you want to remove the patch, take these steps:

1. Log in as root. 

2. Execute the command:

        # scoadmin software

   or double click on the Software Manager icon in the desktop.

3. Pull down the "Software" menu and select 
   "Patch Management-->Rollback Patch".

4. You will see the "Begin Rollback Patch" menu, and be asked to select
   patched software to rollback. Select "SCO UNIX System V Operating System"
   and choose "Continue".

5. You will see the "Patch Selection" window. Make sure that the 
   "Streams Lock Timeout and Protocol Data Supplement oss437a" patch
   is selected, and choose "Continue".

6. You will see the "Confirm Selected Patches" window. Choose
   "Rollback" to confirm removal of the "Streams Lock Timeout and Protocol 
   Data Supplement oss437a" patch.

7. You will see the "Rollback Progress" window, as the system 
   performs the rollback of the patch.

8. You will see an information window displaying the message:

           NOTE: During this rollback, the link kit wll be updated. Afterwards
                 you must relink your kernel and reboot your machine in order
                 to make this rollback effective.

      Press return to continue:

9. After pressing the <RETURN> key, you will see the "Rollback Progress"
   window, after which a "Message" window stating "Rollback Patch Complete".
   Choose "OK" and you will be returned to the Software Manager's main
   menu. Exit the Software Manager by choosing "Exit" from the "Host" menu.

10. Log in as root and relink the kernel:

        # cd /etc/conf/cf.d
        # ./link_unix -y

11. Log in as root on tty01, and shut down the system:

        # shutdown -g0 -y

    After shutting down and rebooting the machine, rollback of the patch
    is complete.

12. To also unload the patch, making it no longer available to be applied, 
    follow the steps in this section.  In step 3, choose:

        "Patch Management-->Unload Patch"

    instead of:
 
        "Patch Management-->Rollback Patch"


If you have questions regarding this SLS, or the product on which it is
installed, please contact your software supplier.  

We appreciate your business.

SCO Support Services

