Dear SCO Customer,

The enclosed Support Level Supplement (SLS) OSS449E corrects many known
problems with the TCP/IP, NFS and UNIX components of SCO OpenServer Release
5.0.0 and 5.0.2, and SCO Internet FastStart Release 1.0.0 and 1.1.0.  SLS
OSS449E should only be installed on SCO systems based on the SCO OpenServer
Release 5.0.0 and 5.0.2 operating systems, and SCO Internet FastStart
Release 1.0.0 and 1.1.0 operating systems.

In order to avoid copying over actively running daemons, it is necessary 
that you either run "nfs stop" and "tcp stop" or enter System Maintenance 
mode before installing this SLS. 

After installation, reboot the system.  If you cannot reboot immediately, 
"tcp start" and then "nfs start" will restart the networking.

IMPORTANT NOTES: Prior to installing SLS OSS449E make sure to rollback
                 any previous version of this SLS that is installed on
                 your system.


                 It has been brought to our attention that SLS OSS449E
                 may overwrite your /usr/lib/uucp/Permissions file.
                 We strongly suggest you make a back up copy of
                 this file before installing OSS449E.  To make
                 a back up copy type:

        cp /usr/lib/uucp/Permissions /usr/lib/uucp/Permissions.orig

                 Once the installation is complete you can restore
                 the file by typing:

        cp /usr/lib/uucp/Permissions.orig /usr/lib/uucp/Permissions

                 This issue will be addressed in a future release
                 of OSS449.




SLS OSS449E addresses these problems in the TCP/IP component:

   A. Symptom: File length errors when using the tirdrw interface
      to read files on the same machine.  

      The length of files read is now correct.

   B. Symptom: Programs using rc commands (rcp, rcmd, NFS, rwho)
      may hang when the network is experiencing problems.

      The UDP driver has been corrected to report errors in lower
      level protocols up the stack to user programs.

   C. Symptom: ftp hang when the remote host was not available.

      ftp now responds properly if the remote host is not available.

   D. Symptom: nfs hang during large file transfer.

      The read ahead code within the nfs client has been corrected to
      ensure that each read ahead uses separate buffers.

      Also, the write code in the server was corrected to fix write
      synchronization problems.

   E. Symptom: An error message such as "WARNING: ip: spinning in PCB"
      occurs from time to time on some systems.  The network is not
      impacted.

      This error message, related to a previous error condition fixed
      in the Networking Supplement 1.0.0 (NET100) and SCO OpenServer 
      Release 5.0.2, has been removed.

   F. Symptom: Some network cards (those using the esballoc() routine)
      would experience stream buffer leaks over time.

      The potential memory leak in the socket driver has been fixed.

   G. Symptom: Network printers hang when a printer fault (such as
      running out of paper) occurs.

      The tcp driver has been corrected to acknowledge the reset sent
      by the printer after the error condition has been corrected.

   H. Symptom: On systems using EISA or PCI network cards, the tcp
      connection may hang, or the system may panic when transferring 
      large amounts of data.

      The tcp driver has been corrected to handle larger data blocks
      correctly. 

   I. Symptom: telnetd hangs or does not exit on remote close.  On
      SMP computers, a lock timeout may also occur.

      Changes to the socket driver were required to ensure
      that telnetd closes properly.

   J. Symptom: When two machines (A and B) are connected, if machine A
      dies, when it recovers and attempts to re-establish connection
      to machine B on the same port, the connection is refused.

      The tcp driver was modified to accept an out of sequence SYN as
      a close signal and then close the port, thus allowing the
      new connection to be established.

   K. Symptom: Requests from Windows NT 4.0 to an SCO OpenServer Release 
      5.0.2 server for a list of names registered with NetBIOS would fail.
      This affects the ability of SCO Advanced File and Print Server
      (AFPS) to interoperate with Windows NT 4.0.

      The NetBIOS driver has been modified to correct this problem.

   L. Symptom: CHAP authentication during ppp startup negotiations  
      may cause the system to panic.

      The ppp drivers (ppp and ppcid) have been modified to provide
      a default name for CHAP negotiation and to avoid referencing
      NULL pointers.

   M. Symptom: Panic during ifconfig startup of the IP interface if the
      number of addresses on an interface exceeds a fixed limit.

      The ip driver has been modified to avoid this panic by testing
      for a NULL pointer when the buffer storing interface information
      overflows. (The ifconfig startup of the interface will still fail.)

   N. Symptom: When a connection is made using ppp between a Windows NT
      server and SCO OpenServer Release 5.0.0 or 5.0.2 server, if the 
      connection is disconnected by NT RAS, the connection cannot be 
      re-established and the modem becomes locked.

      SCO has modified the ip driver to not send a linkDown trap when
      NT RAS closes the connection.

   O. Symptom: The SCO OpenServer Release 5.0.0 or 5.0.2 machine panics 
      with a trap E in the routine ip_pmtu_ageroute().

      The routines in the ip and rte drivers which control the aging of
      route information have been corrected to avoid walking off the
      end of a linked list used to store route aging information.

   P. Symptom: The rlp version of lpstat dumps core when the number of
      entries in /etc/printcap exceeds 12.            

      The rlp version of lpstat has been modified to correct this
      problem.

   Q. Symptom: The order of options in the rlp version of lp effects
      the behavior of the print command.

      The rlp version of lp has been modified to correct this problem.

   R. Symptom: The printer portion of a remote server accessed by using
      rlp will hang if more than 15 print jobs are in the remote queue,
      or if more than 60 jobs are sent to the remote queue in quick
      succession.

      The rlp version of lpd has been modified to allow for a larger
      capacity of simultaneous print jobs.

   S. Symptom: The -n option to timed is not able to find the specified
      host.

      /etc/timed has been modified to correct this problem.

   T. Symptom: Incomplete or obsolete entries in the arp table
      are not overwritten.  This may cause the reinitialization of
      bootp devices to fail.

      The ip driver has been modified to attempt to rewrite incomplete
      arp table entries. /usr/bin/netstat has also been modified to display
      incomplete entries, in order to reveal incomplete address problems
      if they occur.

   U. Symptom: A potential security breach, which would allow local users
      to acquire root privileges, existed in rdist.

      The binaries /etc/rdistd and /usr/bin/rdist have been modified to
      eliminate this security hole.

   V. Symptom: Receipt of a ping packet in excess of 64K can hang the
      operating system.

      The icmp driver has been modified to correct a buffer over run 
      condition.

   W. Symptom: Remote print jobs would get rejected if there was more
      than 1GB of free space on the filesystem.

      The calculation of free space used by remote printing has been
      corrected.

   X. Symptom: It was possible, under some circumstances, to use the talkd 
      to gain root access to the filesystem.

      This problem has been corrected.

   Y. PPP proxy server may cause all streams resources to be used up and
      the network to hang.

      The pppd daemon has been modified to correct this problem.

 
SLS OSS449E addresses these problems in the NFS component:

   A. Symptom: Cross machine concurrent file copies may cause processes,
      and then the machine, to hang.

      The nfs driver and nfsd driver were modified to limit the number
      of buffers allocated to reads and writes to ensure that buffers
      from the buffer pool are always available.

   B. Symptom: An SCO OpenServer Release 5.0.0 or 5.0.2 system using NFS
      to access files on another server may panic if the network connection
      becomes unreliable.

      The lockd driver has been corrected to prevent two situations. The
      first is a condition whereby lockd fails on a server and attempts
      to cleanup locks reference NULL file table entries.  The second
      is a situation in which memory for a lock is allocated to a NULL
      pointer when the referenced lock address becomes NULL.

   C. Symptom: Under some circumstances, it is possible for pcnfsd to
      change the permissions of files and directories not properly
      owned by the user connected to the system.

      The pcnfsd daemon has been modified to restrict the daemon's
      ability to change the access permissions on files.

   D. Symptom: Using mv to move sub-directories of an NFS mounted
      filesystem can hang the mounted filesystem on both the
      client and the server, requiring both client and server to
      be rebooted in order to restore access.

      The nfs driver has been modified to correct a problem with
      virtual inodes.

   E. Symptom: With some SUN NFS clients, users were not able to read
      the file names of files sym-linked to files with long path names.

      The reading of long path names in NFS has been corrected.


SLS OSS449E addresses these problems in the UNIX component:

   A. Symptom: Network connections hang randomly under heavy load.

      A timing synchronization problem in the streams driver has been
      corrected to eliminate this problem.

   B. Symptom: System panics in the streams module when running TCP/IP
      on four processor computers.

      A data integrity problem in the streams driver has been corrected.

   C. Symptom: telnetd hangs or does not exit on remote close.  On
      SMP computers, a lock timeout may also occur.

      Changes to the iknt driver were required to ensure that telnetd 
      closes properly.

   D. Symptom: PPP dies under heavy load with more than 5 connections.

      The unix domain socket driver has been corrected to cleanup
      correctly after a protocol error.  Unix domain sockets are used
      to connect the serial driver to the tcp driver, and when a modem
      would hang up due to not getting an immediate connection, the
      unix domain socket driver would incorrectly queue the connection.

   E. Symptom: The kernel panics in the accept routine.

      The socket driver has been updated to correct this problem.

   F. Symptom: The kernel panics in the insockwsrv routine.

      The socket driver has been updated to correct this problem.


SLS OSS449E addresses these problems in the LLI component:

   A. Symptom: The kernel panics in the dlpi_unlink routine when  
      one idle token ring connection exists.

      The DLPI driver has been updated to correct this problem.


SLS OSS449E replaces the libsocket.a from the TCP/IP Development System
in order to reflect the changes that were made in the TCP/IP Runtime System
into TCP/IP program development projects.



INSTALLATION AND REMOVAL INSTRUCTIONS

Installing patches on SCO OpenServer 5.0 usually consists of two phases: 
"Loading" and "Applying".  The instructions that follow enable you to both 
install the patch from distribution media or media image, as well as 
configure the patch to be installed from a remote SCO OpenServer 5.0 system 
over a TCP/IP network.

       NOTE: If any of the components for which patches are provided (TCP/IP,
       UNIX, NFS, TCP/IP DEV) are not on your system, the patches for that 
       component will not be installed.

       If you later install that component, you will be required to 
       re-apply the portion of the SLS pertaining to newly installed
       components in order to patch the component.


I. LOADING THE PATCH

1. Log in as root.

2. If you are installing this SLS from a media image, there is a file
   called OSS449E.Z.  Uncompress this file with this command:

        # uncompress OSS449E.Z

   Copy the file to the /tmp directory and name it VOL.000.000:

        # cp OSS449E /tmp/VOL.000.000

   If you are installing this SLS from floppy disk media, skip this
   step and proceed to step 3.

3. Execute the command:
        
        # scoadmin software

   or double click on the Software Manager icon on the desktop.

4. Pull down the "Software" menu and select 
   "Patch Management-->Load Patch".

5. You will see the "Begin Load Patch" menu.  Be sure the
   local machine name is selected and choose "Continue".

6. You will see the "Select Media" menu. 

   a. If you are loading this SLS from floppy disk media, 
      select the appropriate floppy disk drive and
      choose "Continue".  Proceed to step 7.

   b. If you are loading this SLS from a media image per step 2,
      pull down the "Media Device" menu and select "Media Images",
      then choose "Continue".  You will then see the "Enter Image 
      Directory" menu.  Enter /tmp and choose "OK".

7. You will see the "Load Patch Preference" menu.  Choose "Full".

8. You will see the "Load Patch Progress" window.  If the patch loads
   successfully, you will see a "Message" window which states "Load 
   Patch complete".  Choose "OK".  You are then returned to the main 
   Software Manager window.

9. To apply the patch now, continue with step 2 under section II, 
   "Applying the Patch".  To exit the Software Manager now, select
   "Exit" from the "Host" menu.
      

II. APPLYING THE PATCH

1. Log in as root. Execute the command:

        # scoadmin software 

   or double click on the Software Manager icon on the desktop.

2. Pull down the Software menu and select "Patch Management-->Apply Patch".

3. You will see the "Begin Apply Patch" menu.  Be sure that the local
   machine name is selected and choose "Continue".

4. You will see the "Select Media" menu. The "Hard Disk" menu item 
   should already be selected.  Choose "Continue".

5. You will be presented with the "Select Patch-product to Apply" menu.
   Highlight the "OSS449E Network Performance SLS for OpenServer 5.0.0
   and 5.0.2" patch and then choose "Full" to continue.

6. You will see the "Apply Patch Progress" window as the system applies
   the patch.

7. You will see an information window displaying the message:

      During this apply patch, the kernel was relinked. You must reboot
      your system to make this kernel effective.

   Click on "OK". 

8. You will see a "Message" window stating "Apply Patch Complete".  
   Choose "OK" and you will be returned to the Software Manager's main menu.
   Exit the Software Manager by choosing "Exit" from the "Host" menu.

9. Log in as root on tty01, and shut down the system:

        # shutdown -g0 -y

   After shutting down and rebooting the machine, application of the patch
   is complete.


III. NOTES ON NETWORK INSTALLATION

To install the patch on other SCO OpenServer 5.0.0 or 5.0.2 machines over 
the network, first load the patch as in section I above on a designated 
installation server.  Then create the user "swadmin" on the installation 
server.

When running the Software Manager on the system where the patch will be
installed, you will be prompted for the source location of the patch in 
the "Begin Load Patch" window.  Be sure to choose "from another host" 
during this phase.  You will need to provide the name of the installation 
server, as well as the password of the "swadmin" user on the installation 
server, to initiate the installation process.


IV. PATCH REMOVAL

    NOTE: Patches must be rolled back in the reverse order in which they 
    were installed on a per-component basis. The Network Performance SLS 
    is composed of 5 patches.  Hence, if the "OSS449E Network Performance
    SLS"  patch is not the most recent patch applied to any component of 
    the product, you will have to rollback all patches applied after the 
    "OSS449E Network Performance SLS patch for that component prior to 
    rollback of the "OSS449E Network Performance SLS".

If you want to remove the patch, take these steps:

1. Log in as root. 

2. Execute the command:

        # scoadmin software

   or double click on the Software Manager icon in the desktop.

   You will need to rollback 4 or 5 patches. Four if you do not have
   the TCP/IP Development System installed, and five if you do.

3. Depending on which software was installed on your system when 
   SLS OSS449E was installed, up to four patches may have been applied. 
   For each of the four patches, pull down the "Software" menu and select
   "Patch Management-->Rollback Patch".

4. For the TCP/IP patch, perform the following steps:

   a. You will see the "Begin Rollback Patch" menu and will be asked 
      to select patched software to rollback. Select "SCO TCP/IP"
      and choose "Continue".

   b. You will see the "Patch Selection" window. Make sure that the 
      "OSS449E:TCP  Network Performance SLS" patch
      is selected, and choose "Continue".

   c. You will see the "Confirm Selected Patches" window. Choose
      "Rollback" to confirm removal of the "OSS449E Network Performance
      Supplement OSS449E" patch.

   d. You will see the "Rollback Progress" window, as the system 
      performs the rollback of the patch.

   e. You will see an information window displaying the message:

        NOTE: Rollback of this patch requires a kernel relink.
        If you are rolling back several patches at this time,
        you may choose to defer the relink until the last patch
        rollback. However, you must relink for the system to
        return to the pre-patch state.
        Do you want to relink the kernel now? (y/n)

      Answer 'y' if you want to relink now, or 'n' if you want to defer
      the relink to later.

      Press <Enter> to continue.

   f. After pressing <Enter>, you will see the "Rollback Progress" window, 
      after which a "Message" window stating "Rollback Patch Complete".
      Choose "OK" and you will be returned to the Software Manager's main
      menu.

5. For the NFS patch, perform the following steps:

   a. You will see the "Begin Rollback Patch" menu and will be asked 
      to select patched software to rollback. Select "SCO NFS" and 
      choose "Continue".

   b. You will see the "Patch Selection" window. Make sure that the 
      "OSS449E:NFS Network Performance SLS" patch is selected and 
      choose "Continue".

   c. You will see the "Confirm Selected Patches" window. Choose "Rollback" 
      to confirm removal of the "OSS449E Network Performance Supplement
      OSS449E" patch.

   d. You will see the "Rollback Progress" window, as the system 
      performs the rollback of the patch.

   e. You will see an information window displaying the message:

        NOTE: Rollback of this patch requires a kernel relink.
        If you are rolling back several patches at this time,
        you may choose to defer the relink until the last patch
        rollback. However, you must relink for the system to
        return to the pre-patch state.
        Do you want to relink the kernel now? (y/n)

      Answer 'y' if you want to relink now, or 'n' if you want to defer
      the relink to later.

      Press <Enter> to continue.

   f. After pressing <Enter>, you will see the "Rollback Progress" window, 
      after which a "Message" window stating "Rollback Patch Complete".
      Choose "OK" and you will be returned to the Software Manager's main
      menu.

6. For the UNIX patch, perform the following steps:

   a. You will see the "Begin Rollback Patch" menu and will be asked 
      to select patched software to rollback. Select "SCO UNIX System 
      V Operating System" and choose "Continue".

   b. You will see the "Patch Selection" window. Make sure that the 
      "OSS449E:UNIX Network Performance SLS" patch
      is selected, and choose "Continue".

   c. You will see the "Confirm Selected Patches" window. Choose "Rollback" 
      to confirm removal of the "OSS449E Network Performance Supplement
      OSS449E" patch.

   d. You will see the "Rollback Progress" window, as the system 
      performs the rollback of the patch.

   e. You will see an information window displaying the message:

        NOTE: Rollback of this patch requires a kernel relink.
        If you are rolling back several patches at this time,
        you may choose to defer the relink until the last patch
        rollback. However, you must relink for the system to
        return to the pre-patch state.
        Do you want to relink the kernel now? (y/n)

      Answer 'y' if you want to relink now, or 'n' if you want to defer
      the relink to later.

      Press <Enter> to continue:

   f. After pressing <Enter>, you will see the "Rollback Progress" window, 
      after which a "Message" window stating "Rollback Patch Complete".
      Choose "OK" and you will be returned to the Software Manager's main
      menu.

7. For the LLI patch, perform the following steps:

   a. You will see the "Begin Rollback Patch" menu and will be asked 
      to select patched software to rollback. Select "Network Drivers"
      and choose "Continue".

   b. You will see the "Patch Selection" window. Make sure that the 
      "OSS449E:LLI Network Performance SLS" patch
      is selected, and choose "Continue".

   c. You will see the "Confirm Selected Patches" window. Choose "Rollback" 
      to confirm removal of the "OSS449E Network Performance Supplement
      OSS449E" patch.

   d. You will see the "Rollback Progress" window, as the system 
      performs the rollback of the patch.

   e. You will see an information window displaying the message:

        NOTE: Rollback of this patch requires a kernel relink.
        If you are rolling back several patches at this time,
        you may choose to defer the relink until the last patch
        rollback. However, you must relink for the system to
        return to the pre-patch state.
        Do you want to relink the kernel now? (y/n)

      Answer 'y' if you want to relink now, or 'n' if you want to defer
      the relink to later.

      Press <Enter> to continue:

   f. After pressing <Enter>, you will see the "Rollback Progress" window, 
      after which a "Message" window stating "Rollback Patch Complete".
      Choose "OK" and you will be returned to the Software Manager's main
      menu.

8. For the TCPDEV patch, perform the following steps:

   a. You will see the "Begin Rollback Patch" menu and will be asked 
      to select patched software to rollback. Select "SCO TCP/IP 
      Development System Component" and choose "Continue".

   b. You will see the "Patch Selection" window. Make sure that the 
      "OSS449E:TCPDEV Network Performance SLS" patch
      is selected, and choose "Continue".

   c. You will see the "Confirm Selected Patches" window. Choose "Rollback" 
      to confirm removal of the "OSS449E Network Performance Supplement
      OSS449E" patch.

   d. You will see the "Rollback Progress" window, as the system 
      performs the rollback of the patch.

   e. You will eventually see the message stating "Rollback Patch Complete".
      Choose "OK" and you will be returned to the Software Manager's main
      menu.

9. Exit the Software Manager by choosing "Exit" from the "Host" menu.

10. Log in as root and relink the kernel:

        # cd /etc/conf/cf.d
        # ./link_unix -y

11. Log in as root on tty01 and shut down the system:

        # shutdown -g0 -y

    After shutting down and rebooting the machine, rollback of the patch
    is complete.

12. To also unload the patch, making it no longer available to be applied, 
    follow the steps in this section.  In step 3, choose:

        "Patch Management-->Unload Patch"

    instead of:
 
        "Patch Management-->Rollback Patch"


If you have questions regarding this SLS, or the product on which it is
installed, please contact your software supplier.  

We appreciate your business.

SCO Support Services

