

Dear SCO Customer:

The enclosed Support Level Supplement (SLS) unx204 contains a driver 
for the Logitech C9 Busmouse.  The driver corrects problems encountered 
when trying to install the busmouse in SCO XENIX 386 Operating System 
Release 2.3.2 and 2.3.3 and SCO UNIX System V/386 Operating System Release 
3.2.0.

The directions for installation are as follows:

(1) Reboot your system and enter System Maintenance mode.

(2) Insert the enclosed disk in the primary floppy drive and close the door.

(3) For SCO UNIX System V/386 systems, type "/etc/xinstall"
    For SCO XENIX systems, type "/etc/install"

(4) Answer 'y' to the question "First Floppy? (y/n)".

(5) If the Link Kit it not installed, you will be prompted:

       The Link Kit is only partially installed.
       Do you wish to install it now? (y/n)

Answer 'y' to this question.  You cannot install SLS unx204 unless
the Link Kit is installed.  You will need the operating system
installation disks, along with your operating system serial number and
activation key to install the Link Kit.  To install the Link Kit, follow 
the directions at each of the prompts.  The installation of this SLS
will continue after you have finished installing the Link Kit.

(6) If the Link Kit is installed, you will be asked:

          Do you wish to create a new kernel now? (y/n)
  
    Answer 'y' to this question.

(7) After the new kernel is created, you will be asked:

          Do you wish this kernel to boot by default? (y/n)

    Answer 'y' to this question.

(8) If you are on an SCO UNIX System V/386 system, you will be asked:

          Do you wish to rebuild the kernel environment? (y/n)

    Answer 'y' to this question.

(9) Answer 'n' to the question "Next Floppy? (y/n)"


   NOTE:  Installation of SLS unx204 on SCO UNIX System V/386 Release 3.2
          will change the interrupt vector and address of the busmouse to 
          vector 5, address 0x0.  If your mouse is set up different than this, 
          be sure to change it by removing it and then adding it again with 
          mkdev mouse; be sure to use the proper interrupt and address.

   ALSO NOTE: If you are installing this on SCO XENIX 386 Operating System,
              you must put your mouse at interrupt vector 5 address 0x23C.
              If there is something else at that vector, the mouse will not 
              work.  Make sure, after installing SLS unx204, to remove your 
              mouse and add it again using the mkdev mouse utility.  In 
              mkdev mouse, you may see the message "System Configuration 
              Failed try again (y/n)?", answer "y" and the installation will 
              continue.  If you install SCO VP/ix after installing this SLS, 
              you will need to re-install the SLS so that the new driver will 
              be added the vpixio library.

(10) When you are finished, remove the disk from the drive and type

          /etc/haltsys

     at the prompt, to reboot your system.

If you ever have to reinstall your Link Kit, you will have to reinstall SLS 
unx204 also.

If you have any questions, please call our SCO Customer Services Department 
at (800) 347-4381.  SCO Customer Service is available Monday through Friday, 
6 A.M. to 5 P.M., Pacific Time.

We appreciate your business.

SCO Support Services

