Dear SCO Customer,

The enclosed Support Level Supplement (SLS) UOD429A, the Boot Supplement SLS, 
contains various feature enhancements and corrections to known problems with 
these SCO UNIX Version 4.2 based operating systems:

SCO UNIX System V/386 Release 3.2 Operating System Version 4.2

SCO Open Server 3.0 Product Family:

        SCO Open Desktop Lite Release 3.0
        SCO Open Desktop Release 3.0
        SCO Open Server Network System Release 3.0
        SCO Open Server Enterprise System Release 3.0


This document contains the following sections:

     I. Fresh Installation of the Operating System
    II. Installation on an existing system
   III. Components of SLS UOD429A
    IV. Biosgeom
     V. Host Adapter Notes
    VI. ATAPI CD-ROM Notes
   VII. Removal of SLS UOD429A


I. Fresh Installation of the Operating System

SLS UOD429A consists of a new N1 disk. The N1 disk works for both 
the SCO Open Server 3.0 Product Family and SCO UNIX System V/386 
Release 3.2 Operating System Version 4.2.

During the operating system installation process, each time you 
are instructed to place the N1 disk into the floppy drive to boot
the system, use the replacement N1 disk instead of the original N1.
Then proceed with the standard installation of the operating system.

1.  Insert the replacement N1 disk in the floppy drive.

2.  Manually reset the system or turn the power on.

3.  The boot prompt will be displayed:

        Boot
        :

4.  Follow the installation procedures as outlined in the 
    Release and Installation Notes, with the following additions.

    NOTE: If you are installing with one of the following host
    adapters as the primary adapter, see section V, "Host Adapter
    Notes":

    "arad"      Adaptec AIC-7770 chipset Host Adapter Driver (Adaptec 2740/42)
    "bscam"     Symbios Logic SCSI Driver for SCO Unix 3.2v4 
    "dptr"      DPT RAID SCSI Host Adapter Driver  
    "alad"      Adaptec AIC-7870 chipset Host Adapter Driver (Adaptec 2940)
    "ncr"       SCSI Host Adapter Driver for NCR Microchannel Systems

    NOTE: If you are installing using an ATAPI CD-ROM drive, see
    section VI, "ATAPI CD-ROM Notes."

    NOTE: If you are installing on a disk larger than 4Gb and you are
    installing:

        - SCO Open Desktop 3.0, you must choose the "Preserve" option 
          during installation.  You cannot use the "Overwrite" option.

        - SCO UNIX Version 4.2, you must choose the "Fully Configurable 
          Initialization" option.  You cannot use "Automatic Initialization."

        - Divisions created during initialization must be smaller than
          2 Gigabytes (2097152 1K blocks).

    NOTE: An additional boot capability is provided with SLS UOD429A.
    The "biosgeom" keyword is available for use at the Boot: prompt.  
    Use of this keyword during installation can make it easier to share 
    the disk with other operating systems, though this is not usually 
    necessary.  See section IV for a description of biosgeom.

    NOTE: With certain IBM computers you may see the message
    "SHOULD NOT BOOT - LOW POWER (use "apm.boot=always" to override)".
    You can override this by typing "apm.boot=always" at the Boot:
    prompt.  Boot should return with another Boot: prompt, at which 
    point you can proceed with installation as usual.  After you have
    completed installation, add the following line to /etc/default/boot:

                apm.check=no

5.  When the installation is complete, you will see the 
    "SAFE to POWER OFF" message.  

    a. Make sure the replacement N1 disk is in the floppy drive.

    b. Press <Enter> to reboot the computer.

    c. When the Boot: prompt appears, type:

         fd(64)unix  root=hd(40) swap=hd(41)

       If you are installing with an ATAPI CD-ROM, see section VI,
       "ATAPI CD-ROM Notes" for instructions regarding the boot
       string to use at this point.

       In addition to the above, if you used "biosgeom" at the
       original Boot: prompt, add that keyword to the above boot
       string.  Also, if you are using a boot loadable adapter
       driver, and used the "link" keyword at the original
       Boot: prompt, use that keyword again at this prompt.

6.  After loading text and data, you will see:

         ** Invalid Serial Number **

    You can safely ignore this message at this time.

    When you see:
    
       Type CONTROL-d  to proceed with normal startup,
       (or give root password for system maintenance):

    type the root password and press <Enter>.


    If you are installing using one of the host adapters mentioned in 
    Step #4, first follow the instructions in step "a", then the 
    instructions in step "b".

    For all other host adapters, follow only the instructions in step "b".

    a. Type "installpkg" at the command line; press <Enter>.

       For the Adaptec 2940 driver, leave the SLS UOD429A N1 disk in the 
       floppy drive and press <Enter> to begin installation.

       For the other drivers, put the BTLD disk (which may be AHS3.4) in 
       the floppy drive and press <Enter> to begin installation.

       Select the appropriate driver from the list of Boot-Time Loadable 
       Drivers (BTLDs) by entering the name of that driver; press <Enter>. 

    b. Type "custom" at the command line and press <Enter>.

       - Position the cursor so that "Install" is highlighted 
         and press <Enter>.

       - Make sure the words "A New Product" are highlighted in 
         the window found in the lower right corner of the screen; 
         press <Enter>.

       - Make sure the words "Entire Product" are highlighted in the 
         "Choose an option" section of the screen; press <Enter>.

       - Custom will execute the "Prep Script."

       - You will be prompted to "Insert distribution Volume 1 and press
         <Enter>."  Insert the SLS UOD429A N1 disk; press <Enter>.

       - You will see the message:

             Installing custom data files

       - The message "Creating file lists" will flash on the screen.  
         You will be prompted to "Insert the requested Volume and 
         press <Enter>."  The disk is already in the drive, therefore 
         press <Enter>.

       - You will see the message:

             Extracting Files
     
       - Custom will execute the "Init Script."
         Relink the kernel by responding 'y' when prompted.

         Answer "y" when asked if you want the kernel to boot by default.
         Answer "y" when asked if you want the kernel environment rebuilt.

       - You will be returned to the main custom menu where you will
         see "UOD429A for UNIX/ODT" listed as one of the installed products. 

       - At the main custom menu, move the highlighted entry to "Quit" and 
         press <Enter>.  Press <Enter> again on the highlighted "yes."

       - SLS UOD429A is now correctly installed.

       - If you have an ATAPI CD-ROM, there may be an additional step at
         this point.  See section VI, "ATAPI CD-ROM Notes."

       - Remove the SLS UOD429A replacement N1 from the drive and 
         reboot the system.



II. For systems already running SCO Open Server 3.0 Product Family or 
    SCO UNIX System V/386 Release 3.2 Operating System Version 4.2

If you are installing a new host adapter which requires a BTLD disk, 
including the Adaptec 2940 host adapter, follow the procedure listed 
below in steps 1, 2a, 2b, and 3, before removing the original SCSI host 
adapter.

If you are installing the SLS UOD429A for any other reason, follow the 
procedure listed below in steps 1, 2b, and 3.

To install SLS UOD429A on an existing operating system, use custom(ADM):

1.  If the system is running in multiuser mode, log in as root on the 
    console screen tty01 (or tty1a if using a serial console).  After 
    warning the users that the system will be down for some time, 
    enter the command:

       init 1 

    The system will then execute a controlled shutdown operation which
    will bring it to System Maintenance mode.  You will see the prompt: 

        Type CONTROL-d to proceed with normal startup,
        (or give root password for System Maintenance):

    Enter the root password and press <Enter>.
    Wait until the "#" prompt appears.

2a. Insert the BTLD disk for your host adapter in the floppy drive.
    If you are installing an Adaptec 2940, this will be the SLS UOD429A 
    disk.  Type:
     
        installpkg

    The installpkg menu will appear. Select your host adapter from the 
    list of BTLDs by typing its name at the prompt; press <Enter>.

2b. Insert the SLS UOD429A N1 disk in the floppy drive.  To install 
    the remainder of the UOD429A SLS, type:

        /etc/custom

    The custom menu will appear. Follow the instructions in 
    step 3 below.

3.  Make the following menu selections: 

        Install -> A New Product -> Entire Product

   - Position the cursor so that "Install" is highlighted and 
     press <Enter>.

   - Make sure the words "A New Product" are highlighted in the window 
     found in the lower right corner of the screen; press <Enter>.

   - Make sure the words "Entire Product" are highlighted in the "Choose 
     an option" section of the screen; press <Enter>.

   - You will be prompted to "Insert distribution Volume 1 and press 
     <Enter>." The disk is already in the drive, therefore press <Enter>.

   - You will see this message:

       Installing custom data files
   
   - The message "Creating file lists" will flash on the screen.  You will 
     be prompted to "Insert the requested Volume and press <Enter>."  The 
     disk is already in the drive, therefore press <Enter>.

   - You will see this message:

       Extracting Files

   - You will be returned to the main custom menu where you will
     see "Boot SLS for UNIX/ODT" listed as one of the installed products. 

   - At the main custom menu, move the highlighted entry to "Quit" and 
     press <Enter>.  Press <Enter> again on the highlighted "yes."

   - Relink the kernel by responding 'y' when prompted.
     Answer "y" when asked if you want the kernel to boot by default.
     Answer "y" when asked if you want the kernel environment rebuilt.

   - Shut down the computer.  If you are installing a new host adapter,
     do it at this point.  Remove the SLS UOD429A N1 disk from the drive
     and reboot your computer.

   - SLS UOD429A is now successfully installed.



III. Components of SLS UOD429A

SLS UOD429A includes these components:

1. A new /boot which correctly addresses the IBM SCSI-2 Fast Wide Adapter/A 
   host adapter.  It also includes other boot modules which address disk 
   geometry issues.  The "bootos" utility allows the user to boot other
   operating systems from the Boot: prompt.  "Link" allows the user
   to replace drivers in the kernel at the Boot: prompt.

2. A new IDE driver is included in SLS UOD429A which has support for 
   Extended IDE drives, making it possible to install on drives larger 
   than 528Mb which use Logical Block Addressing.

3. Support for ATAPI CD-ROM drives.

4. New tape drivers for the IBM 1.2 GB 1/4" Cartridge SCSI Tape Drive, 
   the 2.3 GB 8mm Full High SCSI Tape Drive, and the 2.0 GB 4mm tape SCSI
   Tape Drive.

5. The IBM SCSI-2 Fast/Wide Adapter/A is now able to use disk drives
   greater than 1GB. 

   NOTE: (The following caveat applies to secondary drives larger than
   1Gb attached to the Fast/Wide Adapter/A which have already been
   installed prior to installation of SLS UOD429A.) The SLS will NOT 
   preserve the disk geometry for any non-primary drives attached 
   to the Fast/Wide Adapter/A that are greater than 1GB.  Following 
   the installation of UOD429A, data on a non-boot drive greater than 
   1GB will not be accessible by the system.  Users who need to preserve 
   data on such a drive can either use SLS UOD383B or back up and then 
   restore data on the drive.  (SLS UOD383B preserves data on secondary 
   drives greater than 1GB.)
   
   The internal and external SCSI buses are viewed as a single SCSI 
   bus. Thus the driver is able to address up to a total of 6 SCSI 
   devices over the internal and external SCSI bus.  These SCSI devices 
   must all have unique SCSI IDs, whether they are on the internal or
   external bus.

6. Because the Adaptec 2940 driver is included in the kernel, it is
   not necessary to specify "link" at the "Boot: " prompt.  The driver 
   can also be used to install on machines that have both MCA and PCI 
   interface buses.  The Adaptec 2940 driver can share interrupts
   with other devices.  Following installation, it is still necessary
   to install the Adaptec 2940 driver with "installpkg" as described
   in section I.6a.

7. The adaptec 1540/1542 driver supports the 1540/1542CP adapter.

8. There are corrections for problems with interrupt handling in the IBM 
   PC 700-series with PCI/MCA riser cards.

9. Certain operations will no longer fail on drives exactly 2Gb or 
   exactly 4Gb in size.

10. There is a correction for a problem in the keyboard which occasionally 
    leads to system hangs on fast systems.



IV. Biosgeom

This keyword can be specified at the N1 Boot: prompt during the initial 
UNIX installation to ensure that UNIX is installed with the same disk 
geometry that the BIOS uses.  Since other operating systems are likely 
to use that geometry, this can forestall problems in sharing the disk 
with other operating systems.

To use this keyword, type it in at the prompt followed by your normal 
boot string.  NOTE: "biosgeom" must precede the remainder of the boot string.
An example follows in which a boot loadable driver is used:

SCO UNIX

Boot
: biosgeom link



V. Host Adapter Notes

The installation process has changed for the following host adapters:

    "arad"      Adaptec AIC-7770 chipset Host Adapter Driver (Adaptec 2740/42)
    "bscam"     Symbios Logic SCSI Driver for SCO Unix 3.2v4 
    "dptr"      DPT RAID SCSI Host Adapter Driver  
    "alad"      Adaptec AIC-7870 chipset Host Adapter Driver (Adaptec 2940)
    "ncr"       SCSI Host Adapter Driver for NCR Microchannel Systems
        
   - It is no longer necessary to use the "link" keyword at the Boot: prompt 
     for these adapters.  The drivers are already linked into the kernel.
     However, you still need to install the drivers into the link kit by
     using "installpkg" as documented above.

   - During the kernel relink phase of installation you may see the message: 

            warning: mscsi - host adapter <name> not in mdevice

     You can safely ignore this warning.



VI. ATAPI CD-ROM Notes

If your primary hard disk is attached to one of the controllers supported 
by standard installation (including IDE and Extended IDE), or if your 
primary hard drive is attached to one of the host adapters mentioned 
in section V, it is possible to install SLS UOD429A using an ATAPI CD-ROM.  
To do this, you will need to know the adapter number of the IDE controller
to which your ATAPI drive is attached, as well as the ID and Logical Unit 
Number (LUN) of the CD-ROM drive.  This information is typically available 
through the computer's "Setup" utility.

NOTE: It is not possible to use a Boot-Time Loadable Driver (BTLD) to add 
a host adapter driver when using an ATAPI CD-ROM for installation.  The 
host adapter must be one already supported or one of the adapters mentioned 
in section V.

- At the initial "Boot:" prompt from the N1 disk, you will need to enter
  a boot string as follows:

  If your primary drive is an IDE drive, enter this boot string:

        Boot
        : defbootstr Srom=wd(h,i,l)

  If your primary drive is attached to a SCSI host adapter, use:

        Boot
        : defbootstr hd=Sdsk Srom=wd(h,i,l)

  If you are using the 'biosgeom' keyword, use it as follows:

        Boot
        : defbootstr biosgeom hd=Sdsk Srom=wd(h,i,l)

  In the above boot strings: 

        'h' is 0 or 1 and refers to the number of the ATAPI controller,
        'i' is 0 or 1 and is the SCSI ID of the ATAPI CD-ROM drive, 
        'l' is 0 or 1 and is the LUN of the ATAPI CD-ROM drive.

  ATAPI drives are often attached to IDE controller #1 so a common boot
  string would be "defbootstr hd=Sdsk Srom=wd(1,0,0)".

- During installation, select SCSI CD-ROM as the installation media.
  If you are installing SCO Open Desktop 3.0, the only choice offered 
  for host adapter number is 0.  Select this even if your ATAPI CD-ROM 
  driver is actually connected to controller #1.  You can select the 
  correct drive ID at this time (0 or 1).  

  If you are installing SCO UNIX Version 4.2, you will be asked if you 
  are using a BTLD for CD-ROM installation.  Respond with 'n'.

  If you are installing SCO UNIX Version 4.2, you are asked to confirm that 
  your CD-ROM drive is configured as:

        SCSI Target ID:         5
        SCSI Host Adapter:      0
        Logical Unit Number:    0

  Answer 'y' to this prompt, even though this information is incorrect.

- For SCO Open Desktop 3.0 installation, the system will shut down at 
  this time.  Reboot with the N1 disk in the floppy drive.  Enter the 
  same boot string as that used above.  If your CD-ROM is attached to 
  controller #1, boot will print conflicting information such as: 

        ... Srom=wd(0,0,0) Srom=wd(1,0,0)

  You can safely ignore this.

- For Open Desktop 3.0 installation, you may see the warnings such as 
  the following (using 'bhba' as an example), which can be ignored:

        WARNING: Multiple SCSI host adapters detected.
        WARNING: Using SCSI host adapter for installation.
        Configuring tape installation on cdrom bhba@0,0,0

- There may be warnings or failures such as the following during the 
  kernel relink phase of installation:  

        warning: mscsi - host adapter 'bhba' not in mdevice
        warning: mscsi - device 'wd'; not enough sdevice entries
        undefined external: wd_entry in conf.o

  These can be ignored.

- Following the installation phase, reboot with the N1 disk in the
  floppy drive, using the boot string described in section I.5 with
  any additions necessary for ATAPI as described in this section.
  Some examples follow:

  1. Primary adapter is SCSI, using biosgeom, ATAPI CD-ROM attached to
     IDE controller #1:

        Boot
        : fd(64)unix biosgeom root=hd(40) swap=hd(41) hd=Sdsk Srom=wd(1,0,0)

  2. Primary adapter is IDE, ATAPI CD-ROM attached to IDE controller #1:

        Boot
        : fd(64)unix root=hd(40) swap=hd(41) Srom=wd(1,0,0)

- After running custom as described in section I.6, edit the file
  "/etc/default/boot".  Change the line defining "DEFBOOTSTR" to
  not contain any "hd=" or "Srom=" references.

- KEYWORDS:  At this point you can run "mkdev cdrom" to configure your ATAPI
  CD-ROM drive.  Select 'wd' as the adapter name.

- The system needs to be rebooted for all changes to take effect.



VII. Removal of SLS UOD429A

This SLS cannot be removed if it was used for the initial installation
of the operating system.  If it was installed after the initial installation,
the SLS can be removed with custom.  Select "Remove", product "Boot SLS
for UNIX/ODT".  Because this SLS replaces boot modules, you will see
a warning that removal may leave the system in an unbootable state.
If your system was booting without problems before installation of the
SLS, and you have not changed the hardware configuration or removed any 
of the backed up files from the SLS installation, you should be able to 
answer 'y' to this question and proceed with removal of the SLS.


If you have questions regarding this SLS, or the product on which
it is installed, please contact your software supplier.

We appreciate your business.

SCO Support Services
