Dear SCO Customer,

Support Level Supplement (SLS) UOD426B corrects date-related problems 
reported on SCO UNIX and SCO Open Server based systems.  Please note 
that this SLS _only_ applies to the products specified below.  A separate 
SLS is needed for SCO XENIX systems; please contact your SCO supplier for
further information. 

This SLS is intended for these operating system releases and affected
SCO products:

       SCO UNIX System V/386 Release 3.2 Operating System Version 2.0, 4.0,
         4.1, and 4.2 
       SCO UNIX System V/386 Release 3.2.0 
       SCO Open Server Enterprise System Release 3.0 
       SCO Open Server Network System Release 3.0 
       SCO Open Desktop Release 3.0 
       SCO Open Desktop Lite Release 3.0 
       SCO Open Desktop Server System 1,1, 2.0
       SCO Open Desktop Server System Supplement 2.0
       SCO Open Desktop Personal System 1.0, 1.1, 2.0
       SCO Open Desktop Server Upgrade 1.0, 1.1
       SCO FoxBASE+ 386 Release 2.1.2 
       Microsoft Word for UNIX Systems Release 5.1.1 
       SCO Portfolio Release 1.0.1, 2.0.0

SLS UOD426B resolves two separate and specific date-related problems, 
described below, in the above operating systems and SCO products.  Other 
SCO products, third party applications, or SCO SLSs may be affected by 
the same date-related problems:

    1. The "century" problem

    Some utilities, such as asktime(ADM), assume it is always the 20th 
    century when handling years. 


    2.  The "leap year" problem

    Many commands and utilities do not display dates after February 28th, 
    2000 correctly.  For example, running the following command to set the 
    date to Tuesday February 29th, 2000:

               # date 0229101000

    will set the date to Tuesday March 1st, 2000 instead.



INSTALLING SLS UOD426B

To install SLS UOD426B, follow the attached procedure.  It is important that
you read the "Notes" section before installing SLS UOD426B. 


   1. Log in as "root" in single-user mode, or if already logged in,
      enter this command at the shell prompt:

            init 1 

   2. At the shell prompt, invoke custom(ADM):

            custom

      and insert the SLS floppy when prompted to do so.

   3. Choose the option:
   
            Install->A New Product->Entire Product
   
   4. At the following prompt:

            Insert SCO Year 2000 SLS
                 Floppy Volume 1

      check to ensure that the floppy is still in the floppy drive and 
      press <Enter>.

   5. After several messages indicating the progress of the installation of 
      this SLS, you will see a message informing you that files are now being 
      fixed by the binary fix2000(ADM) installed by SLS UOD426B.  At this 
      stage, the binary is being applied to all files and utilities that 
      are known to be broken for the operating system and any products 
      installed on your system. 
      
      NOTE:  Depending on the speed of the machine and how many files 
      will require correcting, this part of the installation may take 
      some time. 

   6. After the binary has found and corrected all the required files, 
      a message will be displayed to say that all files corrected have 
      first been saved to a backup directory. The script will display how 
      much disk space has been taken by the backup files and you will be 
      prompted as to whether you wish to archive the backup or keep the 
      backup files on the hard disk. Enter either "y" if you wish to archive 
      the backup files to a backup medium, or "n" if you wish to keep the 
      backup directory on the system.  Refer to (2) in the Notes section for 
      more details.
   

The installation is now complete. Once SLS UOD426B has been installed, the 
binary supplied with SLS UOD426B, fix2000(ADM), is left on the system as 
/usr/bin/fix2000. This binary can be used to check for other applications 
whose files may require correcting. The list of known broken files and 
utilities in SCO operating systems and known affected SCO products are 
kept in the directory: 

               /usr/lib/custom/uod426/fix 
               
Lists are provided for SCO UNIX (uod), SCO FoxBASE+ (fox), SCO MPX (mpx),
SCO Office Portfolio (op2) and Microsoft Word for UNIX systems (wrd).

If necessary, fix2000(ADM) can be run against these lists to recheck the 
files, or to check and correct any file that has been reinstalled after SLS 
UOD426B. 

If any parts of the operating system, or one of the known affected SCO 
applications is reinstalled, it is highly recommended that fix2000(ADM) is 
run against the appropriate list(s). 

Additionally, should other SCO products, or applications and any non-SCO 
products or applications be installed either before or after SLS UOD426B, 
it is advisable to check these as well. 

For further information on the binary fix2000(ADM), see the supplied manual 
page. This is available online, and a hard copy is provided in the Notes 
section below, under Note (1).



REMOVING SLS UOD426B

To remove SLS UOD426B from your system:

   1. Log in as "root" in single-user mode.
   
   2. At the shell prompt, invoke custom(ADM):

            custom

   3. Choose the option Remove, and highlight the SCO Year 2000 SLS 
      to select it. Press <Enter>.

   4. Choose the package "ALL" from the list of packages.

   5. Answer "Yes" when prompted if you wish to continue with the removal.
   
   6. If you had previously archived the saved files in the backup directory
      to a backup medium and removed the backed up files from the system, you 
      will be prompted to insert the backup medium to restore the backup area.
      See note (3) in the Notes section for further details.

   7. All the original files previously saved during the installation of 
      SLS UOD426B are now restored, and the binary fix2000(ADM) and its 
      manual page is removed from the system. 


The removal is now complete. 




Notes 
=====

1. fix2000(ADM) 

Provided below is a copy of the manual page for the fix2000(ADM) binary. 
NOTE: This is not available as part of the standard SCO operating system 
environment.  fix2000(ADM) was specially produced for SLS UOD426B.



fix2000(ADM)                   15 January 1996               fix2000(ADM)

Name

        fix2000 - Check for and fix known bug which causes dates after
                  28th February, 2000 to be printed incorrectly.


Syntax

        fix2000 [ -ipv ] file ...


Description

        The command without options will scan the specified 'file'(s)
        to determine whether a known bug is present in 'file'(s) which
        causes the command to handle dates after 28th February, 2000
        incorrectly. Its exit status indicates whether or not the bug
        is present in any of the 'file'(s), and so it is generally more
        useful to run it on a single 'file' at a time.

        The following options are recognized:

        -v      Prints name of 'file'(s) which contain the bug on standard
                output.

        -p      Attempts to fix the bug where present.  This will fail
                if the 'file'(s) cannot be opened for writing.

        -i      Interactive version of '-p' above.  Will prompt for
                confirmation before attempting to fix each 'file'
                containing the bug.


Examples

        A list of all binaries in the system containing this bug can be
        printed using the following:

                find / -type f -exec fix2000 -v {} \;


Diagnostics

        Exit status is 0 if any occurrences of the bug are found, 1 if
        no occurrences of the bug are found, and 2 for usage errors or
        inaccessible files.


Notes

        The fix2000 utility knows about five different variations of
        the same bug. There may be more, in which case the command
        will need to be updated to cater for these.


 2. Archiving the backup directory

The backup directory, /usr/lib/custom/uod426, is a backup of all the files 
that have been corrected by SLS UOD426B.  At the end of the installation 
procedure, you will be told how much space is taken up by the entire backup 
directory. You can choose whether or not to archive the backup directory 
to an archive medium of your choice, and whether or not leave the backup 
directory in place. Archiving the backup directory to an archive medium 
will allow you to remove the backup directory, thus freeing up the extra 
hard disk space. 

Should you choose to archive the backup directory, this can be done either 
during the installation of SLS UOD426B, or afterwards. Choosing to archive 
the backup directory after SLS UOD426B has been installed allows any further 
applications (whether SCO or non-SCO) that were not checked and corrected 
during the installation of SLS UOD426B to be backed up. 

If you choose to archive the backup directory during the installation of 
SLS UOD426B, you can choose to remove the backup files at the same time, or 
leave the backup directory in place. Choosing the option to remove the backup 
files at the same time as archiving them will not completely remove the entire 
backup directory. You will be left with just the lists of known broken files 
and utilities. If you choose to remove the backup afterwards, the entire 
backup directory will be removed. 

It is recommended that you choose to archive the backup directory during 
installation, then answer 'yes' to remove the backup files. The files that 
are left, the lists of known broken files and utilities, take up a negligible 
amount of space on the hard disk and can be used by fix2000(ADM) to recheck
the corrected files.

It is also recommended that the backup directory be archived to a tape or DAT 
device, although any valid device can be specified.

Free disk space requirements for installing SLS UOD426B will depend on the 
default software installed and the total number of files requiring correction.
You should ensure you have a minimum of 25Mb free disk space for the basic 
SCO UNIX and Open Desktop systems. This figure needs to be increased if you 
have additional products installed. 

 3. Removing SLS UOD426B

If removing SLS UOD426B, you must have a valid backup directory present on 
the system, or a valid archive.  SLS UOD426B will not be removed if no backup
is available.  Please ensure that any archive of the backup directory taken 
is valid, can be read and is kept in a safe location. 


 4. SLS UOD426B log file

A log file is created by SLS UOD426B, if this is the first installation.
The log file is found in /usr/lib/custom/uod426.log.  If SLS UOD426B 
has been installed before and is being installed for a subsequent time, 
the previous log file is backed up to /usr/lib/custom/uod426.log.bck.
The log file can be used to check the installation and removal of SLS 
UOD426B.  It is useful to see what files have been saved and modified, 
and to debug the installation or removal of SLS UOD426B should there 
be problems.

If you have questions regarding this SLS, or the product on which it is
installed, please contact your software supplier.

We appreciate your business.

SCO Support Services

