
              NOVELL TECHNICAL INFORMATION DOCUMENT

TITLE:              Partition Manipulation
DOCUMENT ID:        TID
DOCUMENT REVISION:  A
DATE:               30MAR94
ALERT STATUS:       Yellow
INFORMATION TYPE:   Issue
README FOR:         NA

NOVELL PRODUCT and VERSION:
NetWare 4.01

ABSTRACT:

This document includes suggestion for NetWare Directory Services.

------------------------------------------------------------------
DISCLAIMER
THE ORIGIN OF THIS INFORMATION MAY BE INTERNAL OR EXTERNAL TO
NOVELL.  NOVELL MAKES EVERY EFFORT WITHIN ITS MEANS TO VERIFY
THIS INFORMATION.  HOWEVER, THE INFORMATION PROVIDED IN THIS
DOCUMENT IS FOR YOUR INFORMATION ONLY.  NOVELL MAKES NO EXPLICIT
OR IMPLIED CLAIMS TO THE VALIDITY OF THIS INFORMATION.
------------------------------------------------------------------

ISSUE

     Recommendations for Using This Information

     This is not an official letter from Novell.  The following
     are simply pointers from what I have learned from working
     with users and nothing more.  For this reason, you will not
     find my suggestions documented in manuals.  I would also
     like to point out that some may feel that my suggestions
     create extra work that is not really necessary.  While I
     somewhat agree with this statement, my point is that the
     extra safety incurred by following my suggestions is worth
     the extra time taken.  Also, partition and replica
     manipulation is not performed that often when compared to
     the rest of NetWare Directory Services (NDS) management. 
     When it comes to manipulating replica rings or partitions
     over WANs, a little bit of planning goes a long ways.

     Checking the WAN Condition when Manipulating Typical Objects

     In my opinion, there are windows of time in a wide area
     network in which partition replication is not as robust as
     typical object manipulation and synchronization.  In other
     words, while I would never bother to check the condition of
     my WAN when manipulating typical objects, I would first
     check its condition before manipulating partitions.  To do
     so I would run DSTRACE on the servers that have replicas of
     the partition that I am manipulating.

     Avoid Creating Partition or Copying Replicas Through Install

     First of all, a lot of the problems that get escalated to me
     could be totally prevented if we avoided creating partitions
     or copying replicas through install.  For that reason, I
     suggest that you never create a new partition or copy a
     replica through install.  This way if install is aborted or
     redone, there is no possibility of getting into a situation
     where NDS inconsistencies exist, or more frequently, locked
     out because the NDS is busy.

     If you want to install a new file server into a new
     partition, first create the partition within partition
     manager.  Then when installing NDS onto your file server,
     insert it into the current partition.  When install prompts
     you to copy a replica to this server, answer no.  At this
     point, install is complete.

     Multiple Install Recommendations

     If for some reason you want to redo INSTALL over and over,
     use the following procedure:

     1.   Delete the volume object through NetAdmin.

     2.   Deinstall NDS from the server.

     3.   Then delete the server object through Part Manager.

     Using this procedure, you will be able to reinstall as many
     times as you would like.  Two exceptions where you must
     create partitions with install are with the first server in
     a Tree or with a NetWare 3.x upgrade.

     Master Replicas of New Partitions

     If the end result that you want to accomplish is to have a
     master replica of this new partition placed on this new file
     server, do that through Partition Manager after install.  Do
     not perform any replica operations to that partition until
     after you have verified through DSTRACE that all copies of
     that partition have been updated.

     If any of the file servers that has a copy of the partition
     on it shows errors, resolve those errors first before
     performing any other changes to that replica.  Those other
     changes include changing a partition to Master.  Over busy
     WANs, please give it some time for the NDS to update and
     possibly resolve some errors.

     Multiple Installs on the Same Server

     I run into a fair number of users that have been locked out
     of their NDS database because of doing multiple installs of
     the same server.  When you want to deinstall a server out of
     a tree, remove all copies of the replica from the server
     through partition manager instead of through install.  After
     you have verified the replicas have been moved (through
     DSTRACE), go ahead and deinstall the server in the same
     manner previously discussed.

     Broken Trees

     The biggest cause of updates not occurring and corruption
     not being cleaned up is a broken Tree.  DSTRACE will alert
     you if you have a broken Tree.  If a server is removed
     without doing a proper deinstall (crashed and you do not
     want to replace it), double check on the servers that have
     copies of the partition containing the server (with DSTRACE
     again), then remove the server with partition manager.  Then
     go into NetAdmin and delete the objects that were contained
     on that server.

     Manipulating Replicas without Waiting for a DSTRACE Clean Up

     If you want the ability to manipulate replicas at a site
     without waiting for DSTRACE to clean up, have at least two
     servers per remote site that have replicas.  This way, if
     NDS needs to be removed and reinstalled (hard disk crash,
     server crash, strange NDS corruption of a master replicas),
     you have the ability to immediately reinstall without first
     fixing DSTRACE errors.  To do so, follow the steps that I
     already outlined and do not copy a replica over to the
     reinstalled server until DSTRACE is clean with all servers
     involved in the replica ring.  This way a newly reinstalled
     server can immediately access the other servers partition
     until DSTRACE is cleaned up.  Also, make sure that you run
     DSPAT in all your NetWare 4.01 servers.

     Hints for Maintaining NDS

          Never Rename Your File Server

          Another hint that will help your NetWare Directory
          Services easier to maintain is to never rename your
          file server or give it a different internal IPX number.
          Most people never have a problem renaming file servers;
          however, when a problem does arise, it can be difficult
          to resolve.  Life is easier if you just do not rename
          the file server.  If you must rename you file server,
          the safest way to do so is to deinstall your file
          server out of the tree and reinstall it using the
          methods previously listed.

          Never Assign Two File Servers the Same Internal IPX
          Number

          Even more detrimental to you NDS tree, is assigning two
          file servers the same internal IPX number.  If you do
          not like using the random IPX number generated by
          install make sure, 100 percent, that the IPX number you
          enter is not duplicated, even for a little while.  I
          have seen damage done to the NDS tree by having
          duplicate IPX numbers that is not repairable.

          Do Not Enable Auditing

          Please do not enable auditing.  If you already have
          enabled auditing, you need to completely disable it. 
          If you need auditing, you will need to upgrade your
          NetWare Directory Services to version 296.  If you see
          a problem of high utilization on the file servers,
          along with extremely slow performance, you might be
          seeing problems associated with auditing.  Disabling
          auditing at this point will not fix the problem, you
          must upgrade your NDS to version 296.




