 
                   SCO XENIX Supplement for IBM Model 35/40/L40
 
 
             The enclosed disks provide additional support for the
             following IBM Personal System/2 models:
 
                  35 SX 043, 40 SX 043, 40 SX 045 and L40 SX
 
             These PS/2 models use the Industry Standard Architecture
             (ISA or AT architecture).  Install SCO XENIX System V
             Release 2.3.4 for 386GT platforms using this supplement.
             SCO XENIX for 386MC platforms and SCO XENIX releases prior
             to 2.3.4 are not supported with this supplement.
 
             The package consists of 2 disks: a replacement N1 (Boot)
             disk to be used in place of the one supplied with the
             Operating System package, and a LINK kit update disk to
             modify the appropriate drivers.
 
             INSTALLATION
             ------------
 
             1. Install the Operating System on the machine as normal,
                using the replacement N1 (Boot) disk in place of the
                standard N1.
 
             2. Boot the system and enter System Maintenance mode by
                entering the root password at the prompt.
 
             3. Install the Operating System LINK kit using custom, as
                follows:
 
                a. Run /etc/custom
 
                b. At the menu, choose "1. Operating System"
 
                c. At the next menu, choose "1. Install one or more
                   packages".
 
                d. At the prompt, "Enter the package(s) to install",
                   enter "LINK".
 
                e. custom will then prompt for one or more volumes of
                   your Operating System distribution.
 
                f. After reading the Operating System disks, custom
                   prompts for your Operating System serial number and
                   activation key.  Enter these carefully from the
                   Activation Key card provided with the Operating
                   System.
 
                g. When serialization is complete, quit the custom menu.
 
             4. Install the LINK kit update disk using install(ADM) as
                follows: 
 
                a. Run /etc/install.
 
                b. You will see the message:
 
                       First Floppy? (y/n)
 
                   Answer "y" and enter <RETURN>
 
                c. You will then see the message:
 
                       Installing IBM Model 35/40/L40 Supplement
 
                d. If the LINK kit is not installed you will be given a
                   chance to install it now.  However, it should already
                   be installed due to the previous steps.
 
                e. The LINK kit update is installed and you will see the
                   message:
 
                       Next Floppy? (y/n)
 
                   Enter "n" and then <RETURN>
 
                f. You will see the message:
 
                       Installation complete
 
                   You will then be returned to the system prompt.  The
                   system is now ready for the installation of any
                   additional packages.
 
             If you have any questions, please contact your support
             provider.
 
