                               HP JetDirect
                        Extended Feature Supplement

The information  provided in  the supplement  should be  used with  Hewlett
Packard's TCP/IP  Ethernet Network Peripheral Interface for HP-UX and SunOS
Systems, Administrator's  Guide (HP  Part No.  C2850-90001).    This  guide
should come standard with your hardware.  If you are ordering new hardware,
you should  specify no  media as  an ordering  option.    Most  information
provided in  the HP  guide is  also relevant for an SCO installation.  This
supplement only provides information where there are notable differences.
                                     
                            Platforms Supported

This EFS has been designed to work with SCO UNIX, Releases 3.2v2 and above,
and SCO Open Desktop, Releases 1.1 and above.  SCO Xenix is not supported.

                   Where to find additional information

Online manual pages are included with this EFS in the /usr/lib/hpnp/sco-man
directory.   For more  information about  bootp, hpnpadmin and hpnpcfg, you
should print out these pages.

                             Network Utilities
                                     
The network  utilities on  SCO systems differ slightly from those described
in the  HP Administrator's Guide.  The bootpd (boot protocol daemon) is not
included in SCO's standard TCP/IP release.  It is provided and supported in
this EFS  only in  the context  of HP printers and plotters.  Additionally,
SCO's bootpd  does not support the bootpquery protocol.  If you choose this
option when  running the  hpnpcfg utility,  information on  how to  use the
debug modes of bootpd will be provided.

SNMP (Simple Network Monitoring Protocol) is not provided with SCO's TCP/IP
system.   The hpnpadmin utility described in the HP documentation will work
with SCO  systems, but it does not support the "set community name" option.
In  addition,  the  hpnpsnmp,  hpnpttyd,  and  hpnpstat  programs  are  not
supported or included with this EFS.

The major  difference in SCO installations is the "Installing the Software"
section on page 2-3 of the Administrator's Guide.  After reading up to that
point  in   the  Administrator's   Guide,  continue   with  the   following
instructions:
                       Installing the Software on an
                     SCO Unix or SCO Open Desktop Host
                                     
The custom  utility is  used to  install the software from diskette to your
SCO system.   In  addition, the  custom script will automatically customize
the host,  and if necessary, configure the BOOTP and the TFTP configuration
services.  It is not necessary to run the hpnpinstall utility since this is
run during the custom installation.

                             Load the Software

1.  Log on the SCO host computer as root.
2.  Type cd / to go to the root directory.
3.  Insert the diskette into the proper drive.
4.  Use custom to install the diskette as follows:
     custom (when using your default device)
               or
     custom -m /dev/rfd096ds15
     (for disk 0, 5 1/4" media)
     custom -m /dev/rfd0135ds18
     (for disk 0, 3 1/2" media)
     custom -m /dev/rfd196ds15
     (for disk 1, 5 1/4" media)
     custom -m /dev/rfd1135ds18
     (for disk 1, 3 1/2" media)
                                     
                     Running the Configuration Utility

The custom  script will  automatically run the configuration utility during
the installation  process.   If you  make configuration  errors during this
step, you can run the configuration utilities again by typing:
     /usr/lib/hpnp/hpnpcfg
                                     
                               Model scripts

Generally in  an SCO  environment, you should configure the software to use
one of the following model scripts:

               laserjethpnp
               laserjetIIIsi
               hpplotter

For Laserjet  II, III,  IIID or  IIIsi printers,  you should  set the model
script to  be laserjethpnp.    This  is  the  default  script  for  all  HP
compatible printers.   If  you have  a Laserjet IIIsi, you may also set the
model script  to be laserjetIIIsi.   This script contains some options only
available for  this printer.  If a plotter is connected to the network, you
should set the model script to be hpplotter.
                                     
                         Printing Postscript Files
                                     
The  default  mode  for  printing  when  using  the  lp  command  with  the
laserjethpnp or  laserjetIIIsi model  scripts is  HP/PCL mode.  Below is an
example of how to print a postscript file:
     lp -opost filename

                       Finishing up the Installation

You should  now continue in the Administrator's Guide on page 2-8, "Running
the Configuration Utility."

