

        Dear SCO Customer,
        
        
        The High Speed Modems Extended Feature Supplement (EFS) provides
        software to operate high speed modem devices.  It includes a
        program that will allow a system administrator to create a dialer
        for a high speed modem, without a development system.  It is
        designed to be used with SCO UNIX System V/386 Release 3.2
        Version 2.0 or SCO's Open Desktop Release 1.1.0.  Default dialer
        entries for the Hayes Ultra 96-2000US, MICC 9610, MULTITECH
        MT932EA, and U.S.  Robotics Courier V.32 are included.  These
        four modems have been tested to work at 9600 bps with CU and
        UUCP.
        
        
        To install the High Speed Modems EFS, perform the following
        steps:
        
        
        (1) Log in as root.
        
        
        (2) Make sure that your operating system installation includes
        the UUCP utilities.  This can be accomplished by listing the
        available packages within custom utility and checking to make
        sure that the word YES appears next to UUCP.
        
        
        (3) Use CUSTOM to install the High Speed Modems EFS.  Make sure
        you are at the / directory and type custom<enter>.  From the
        custom menu choose Install A New Product.  Next, choose Entire
        Product.  You will then be prompted to insert the EFS diskette
        into your primary floppy disk drive.  Insert the floppy in to the
        drive, close the drive door, then press <enter>.  You will then
        be asked if you wish to continue installing the High Speed Modems
        EFS.  Press return.  After the message "Checking File
        Permissions" appears, you may exit the custom utility by pressing
        the <F2> key and the <Y> key.
        
        
        (4) The installation is now complete.
        
        
        If you have any questions, please call our SCO Customer Services
        Department at (800) 347-4381.  SCO Customer Service is available
        Monday through Friday, 6:00 A.M.  to 5:00 P.M., Pacific Time.
        
        
        We appreciate your business.
        
        
        SCO Support Services
