Dear SCO Customer,

The enclosed Support Level Supplement (SLS) OSS414A is required before
installing the single user/free versions of SCO Advanced File and Print 
Server Release 3.5.1f, SCO ARCserve/Open Release 2.1.0 and SCO Doctor
Release 2.0 on SCO OpenServer Enterprise System Release 5.0.0 or SCO 
OpenServer Host System Release 5.0.0.

NOTE: SLS OSS414A is _only_ for SCO OpenServer Enterprise System and SCO 
OpenServer Host System Release 5.0.0. 
If you have SCO OpenServer Enterprise System 5.0.2, SCO OpenServer Host 
System 5.0.2 or SCO Internet FastStart 1.0.0, you don't need SLS OSS414A.

INSTALLATION AND REMOVAL INSTRUCTIONS

Installing patches on SCO OpenServer 5.0.0 usually consists of two phases:

- "Applying" a patch to a machine results in the problem being
  corrected on that machine only.

- "Loading" a patch on a machine results in the machine acting 
  as a server to other machines (if they are on the same network)
  that may need the patch "applied".

I. LOADING THE PATCH

1. Log in as root.

2. If you are installing this SLS from floppy disk media, skip this
   step and proceed to step 3. 

   If you are installing this SLS from a media image, there is a file
   called oss414a.Z.  Uncompress this file with this command:

        # uncompress oss414a.Z

   Copy the file to the /tmp directory and name it VOL.000.000:

        # cp oss414a /tmp/VOL.000.000

3. Execute the command:
        
        # scoadmin software

   or double click on the Software Manager icon on the desktop.

4. Pull down the "Software" menu and select 
   "Patch Management-->Load Patch".

5. You will see the "Begin Load Patch" menu.  Be sure the
   local machine name is selected and choose "Continue".

6. You will see the "Select Media" menu. 

   a. If you are loading this SLS from floppy disk media, 
      select the appropriate floppy disk drive and
      choose "Continue".  Proceed to step 7.

   b. If you are loading this SLS from a media image per step 2,
      pull down the "Media Device" menu and select "Media Images",
      then choose "Continue".  You will then see the "Enter Image 
      Directory" menu.  Enter /tmp and choose "OK".

7. You will see the "Load Patch Preference" menu.  Choose "Full".

8. You will see the "Load Patch Progress" window.  If the patch loads
   successfully, you will see a "Message" window which states "Load 
   Patch complete".  Choose "OK".  You are then returned to the main 
   Software Manager window.

9. To apply the patch now, continue with step 2 under section II, 
   "Applying the Patch".  To exit the Software Manager now, select
   "Exit" from the "Host" menu.
      

II. APPLYING THE PATCH

1. Log in as root. Execute the command:

        # scoadmin software 

   or double click on the Software Manager icon on the desktop.

2. Pull down the Software menu and select "Patch Management-->Apply Patch".

3. You will see the "Begin Apply Patch" menu.  Be sure that the local
   machine name is selected and choose "Continue".

4. You will see the "Select Media" menu. The "Hard Disk" menu item 
   should already be selected.  Choose "Continue".

5. You will be presented with the "Select Patch-product to Apply" menu.
   Highlight the SLS OSS414A patch and then choose "Full" to continue.

6. You will see the "Apply Patch Progress" window as the system applies
   the patch.

7. Then you will see a "Message" window stating "Apply Patch Complete".  
   Choose "OK" and you will be returned to the Software Manager's main menu.
   Exit the Software Manager by choosing "Exit" from the "Host" menu.

III. NOTES ON NETWORK INSTALLATION

To install the patch on other SCO OpenServer 5.0.0 machines over the 
network, first load the patch as in section I above on a designated 
installation server.  Then create the user "swadmin" on the installation 
server.

When running the Software Manager on the system where the patch will be
installed, you will be prompted for the source location of the patch in 
the "Begin Load Patch" window.  Be sure to choose "From Another Host" 
during this phase.  You will need to provide the name of the installation 
server, as well as the password of the "swadmin" user on the installation 
server, to initiate the installation process.


IV. PATCH REMOVAL

NOTE: Patches must be rolled back in the reverse order in which they 
were installed on a per-component basis.  Hence, if the SLS OSS414A patch
is not the most recent patch applied to the UNIX component of the product,
you will have to rollback all patches applied after the SLS OSS414A patch 
prior to rollback of the SLS OSS414A patch. 

1. Log in as root.

2. Execute the command:

        # scoadmin software

   or double click on the Software Manager icon in the desktop.

3. Pull down the "Software" menu and select 
   "Patch Management-->Rollback Patch".

4. You will see the "Begin Rollback Patch" menu, and be asked to select
   patched software to rollback. Select "SCO UNIX System V Operating System"
   and choose "Continue".

5. You will see the "Patch Selection" window. Make sure that the 
   SLS OSS414A patch is selected, and choose "Continue".

6. You will see the "Confirm Selected Patches" window. Choose
   "Rollback" to confirm removal of the SLS OSS414A patch.

7. You will see the "Rollback Progress" window, as the system 
   performs the rollback of the patch.

8.  Next you will see a "Message" window stating "Rollback Patch Complete". 
    Choose "OK" and you will be returned to the Software Manager's main 
    menu. Exit the Software Manager by choosing "Exit" from the "Host" menu.

9.  To also unload the patch, making it no longer available to be applied, 
    follow steps 1 through 8 in this section.  However, in step 3, choose:

        "Patch Management-->Unload Patch"

    instead of:
 
        "Patch Management-->Rollback Patch"


If you have questions regarding this SLS, or the product on which it is
installed, please contact your software supplier.  

We appreciate your business.

SCO Support Services

