Dear SCO Customer,

The enclosed Support Level Supplement (SLS) OSS449F, the Network Maintenance
Supplement, corrects many known problems with the TCP/IP, NFS and UNIX
components of SCO OpenServer Release 5 family of operating systems.


RELEASE INFORMATION

SLS OSS449F is intended for use on these products:

   SCO OpenServer Release 5.0.0, 5.0.2, and 5.0.4
   SCO Internet FastStart Release 1.0.0 and 1.1.0

If you are installing SLS OSS449F on a system with SCO OpenServer Release
5.0.0, you must have installed the SCO OpenServer Release Supplement 5.0.0d
(rs500d) and the Networking Supplement 1.0.0 (net100) prior to installing
SLS OSS449F.


INSTALLATION AND REMOVAL INSTRUCTIONS

Note: Prior to installing SLS OSS449F, be sure to remove any previous
      version(s) of OSS449 that have been installed on your system.  (This
      is not an issue for OpenServer 5.0.4 systems.)  The procedure for
      removing earlier versions of OSS449 is similar to the procedure
      in section IIb below, except that some earlier versions patched the
      LLI and TCPDEV components, in addition to the UNIX, TCP/IP, and NFS
      components.  See the cover letter provided with the specific earlier
      version of OSS449 for detailed removal instructions.

Note: SLS OSS449F replaces several Link kit "space.c" files.  If you have
      customized any of the following space.c files, make backup copies of
      them before installing OSS449F:

         /etc/conf/pack.d/arp/space.c
         /etc/conf/pack.d/ip/space.c
         /etc/conf/pack.d/lockd/space.c
         /etc/conf/pack.d/nfs/space.c
         /etc/conf/pack.d/str/space.c
         /etc/conf/pack.d/tcp/space.c


I. INSTALLING SLS OSS449F

  1. Prepare the media for installation.

     If you are installing this SLS from diskette media, insert
     the first diskette and proceed to step 2.

     If you downloaded the OSS449F media image files ("VOL" files), place
     both VOL files in the /tmp directory (or a different directory of your
     choice -- see step 5).  For example:

                /tmp/VOL.000.000
                /tmp/VOL.001.000


  2. Run the Software Manager with the command:

           # scoadmin software

     or double click on the Software Manager icon in the desktop.

  3. For SCO OpenServer 5.0.4: Pull down the "Software" menu and select
     "Install New".

     For SCO Internet FastStart, SCO OpenServer 5.0.0 or 5.0.2: Pull down
     the "Software" menu and select "Patch Management --> Apply Patch".

  4. When prompted for the host to install from, choose the local machine
     and then "Continue".

  5. When prompted to select the media device:

     If you are installing this supplement from diskette media, select
     the appropriate floppy disk drive and then "Continue". Proceed to
     step 6.

     If you are installing this supplement from media images per step 1,
     select "Media Images", then "Continue".  When prompted for the
     "Image Directory", enter "/tmp" (the directory where you placed the
     VOL files in step 1) and then select "OK".

  6. For SCO OpenServer 5.0.4: When prompted to select software to install,
     ensure that the "OSS449F" entry is highlighted, then choose "Install".

     For Internet FastStart, OpenServer 5.0.0 or 5.0.2: When prompted to
     select installation type, choose "Full".

     See the TROUBLESHOOTING section below for notes about some minor
     problems that may occur during or after the installation.

  7. Once the installation and kernel relink finish, quit the Software
     Manager, and shut down the system:

           # shutdown -g0 -y

     After shutting down and rebooting the machine, installation of SLS
     OSS449F is complete.


II. REMOVING SLS OSS449F

IIa. Removing SLS OSS449F from SCO OpenServer 5.0.4

  1. Log in as root.

  2. Execute the command:

           # scoadmin software

     or double click on the Software Manager icon in the desktop.

  3. Highlight the "OSS449F:Network Maintenance Supplement" selection.

  4. Pull down the "Software" menu and select "Remove Software".

  5. Once the removal and kernel relink finish, quit the Software
     Manager and shut down the system:

           # shutdown -g0 -y

     After shutting down and rebooting the machine, removal of SLS OSS449F
     is complete.


IIb. Removing SLS OSS449F patches from SCO OpenServer 5.0.0, 5.0.2 and Internet
     FastStart 1.0, 1.1

Note: Patches must be rolled back in the reverse order in which they
      were installed on a per-component basis.  The OSS449F Network
      Maintenance Supplement consists of patches to SCO UNIX, SCO TCP/IP,
      and SCO NFS components.  If any of these components were patched after
      OSS449F was installed, then you will have to roll back those later
      patches before you can roll back the SLS OSS449F patch.

  1. Log in as root.

  2. Execute the command:

           # scoadmin software

     or double click on the Software Manager icon in the desktop.

  3. SLS OSS449F patches these three software components: SCO TCP/IP; SCO NFS;
     and SCO UNIX.  Any of these three components present when OSS449F was
     applied were patched.

     To roll back each of these patches, pull down the "Software" menu and
     select "Patch Management-->Rollback Patch".

  4. For the SCO UNIX Operating System component patch, take these steps:

    a. You will see the "Begin Rollback Patch" menu and will be asked
       to select patched software to rollback. Select "SCO UNIX System
       V Operating System" and choose "Continue".

    b. You will see the "Patch Selection" window. Make sure that "OSS449
       UNIX patch" is selected.  Choose "Continue".

    c. You will see the "Confirm Selected Patches" window. Choose "Rollback"
       to confirm removal of the "OSS449F UNIX patch".

    d. You will see the "Rollback Progress" window, as the system
       performs the rollback of the patch.

  5. Remove the patch to the "SCO TCP/IP" component following the same
     procedures as step 4 above.  Just select "SCO TCP/IP" from the "Select
     patched software to rollback" window in step 4a.

  6. Remove the patch to the "SCO NFS" component following the same procedures
     as step 4 above.  Just select "SCO NFS" from the "Select patched
     software to rollback" window in step 4a.

  7. Exit the Software Manager by choosing "Exit" from the "Host" menu.

  8. Log in as root and shut down the system:

           # shutdown -g0 -y

    After shutting down and rebooting the machine, removal  of SLS OSS449F
    is complete.


PROBLEMS ADDRESSED BY SLS OSS449F

For Internet FastStart, SCO OpenServer 5.0.0 and 5.0.2, SLS OSS449F
addresses various problems by updating many important files in the SCO UNIX,
SCO TCP/IP, and SCO NFS components to SCO OpenServer 5.0.4 versions.

In addition to the fixes to the UNIX, TCP/IP and NFS components provided in
previous versions of SLS OSS449, SLS OSS449F provides fixes for some problems
reported against SCO OpenServer 5.0.4.

These new fixes are:

arp -- excessive "arp: info overwritten" warnings;
ftp -- memory leaks in ftp and ftpd;
inetd -- memory leaks in inetd;
rlogin -- rlogin sometimes hangs when the <Del> key is pressed;
NetBIOS -- NB_KPALIVE failed to timeout on lost connections;
NetBIOS -- poor performance loading Access database via NetBIOS;
NFS -- with mounts from Windows95, examining file properties changed
       modification time;
NFS -- with mounts from Unixware, device nodes appeared incorrect;
NFS -- "lock timeout" panics;
NIS -- useradd failed for all but the last user in /etc/passwd;
PPP -- cannot use larger mss than the interface allows;
STREAMS -- streams driver support for very large NSTRPAGES parameter;
TCP/IP -- excessive "ip: spinning" messages on multi-CPU systems;
TCP/IP -- "ip: spinning" system hangs on single-CPU systems.


TROUBLESHOOTING

You may experience assorted problems with the Java Development Kit (JDK)
after removing a previous version of the OSS449 supplement.   To rectify
this situation, remove the "JDK libc patch" (if it is installed) and the
JDK itself, then re-install the JDK, then install OSS449F.

Installation of OSS449F may result in one or more of the following warnings
and errors.  These errors generally reflect discrepancies in the packaging
databases, not actual problems with the software installed.  These warnings
and errors may safely be ignored:

  - An error indicating that "... /etc/pppd was not copied" may occur
    during installation.  Just press Return and continue the installation.

  - The Software Manager may incorrectly detect "Verification Errors" for
    these and possibly other files.  You may ignore errors on these files:

        ./usr/lib/tcprt/ID/ppcid/Driver.o
        ./usr/lib/tcprt/ID/ppp/Driver.o
        ./etc/default/inet

  - During startup of /etc/pppd, an error may occur indicating that
    "/etc/ppphook.sh not found".  This error may be ignored, or eliminated
    by creating an empty file as follows:

        # cp -i /bin/true /etc/ppphook.sh


If you have questions regarding this SLS, or the product on which it is
installed, please contact your software supplier.

We appreciate your business.

SCO Support Services

