
Dear Customer,

Enclosed find your copy of Support Level Supplement (SLS) unx186.  This SLS
will allow you to install SCO UNIX System V/386 Release 3.2.0 for computers
based on Micro Channel Architecture (MCA) on systems using the Adaptec 1640
SCSI host adapter with BIOS revision A.  To use this supplement, replace the
N1 and UFA1 diskettes that were provided with your original distribution, with
the new SLS unx186 diskettes; use the new SLS unx186 diskettes during the
installation process.  You must have the Operating System LINK kit package
installed before installing Operating System Maintenance Supplement (UFA).
To find out if the LINK kit package is installed, you may use the following
sysadmsh command:

	System->Software->List->The Operating System->Package

Use the "Pg Dn" key on your console keyboard to scroll down to the bottom of
the menu.  If the word "Yes" appears next to "LINK" then the LINK kit is
installed.  If not, then you will need to install this package with the
sysadmsh command:

	System->Software->Install->The Operating System->Packages->LINK

If you already have SCO UNIX System V/386 Release 3.2.0 for MCA based machines
installed and running, but you want to install your SCSI system as secondary
hardware, use the sysadmsh command:

	System->Software->Install->The Operating System->Packages->UPD.UFA

To re-install the operating system UFA package using the replacement UFA1
diskette provided with SLS unx186.  As above, make certain that the LINK kit
package is installed prior to installing UFA.  At this time, run the command:

	mkdev scsi

You will be prompted for information about your new SCSI host adapter and SCSI
support for your SCSI peripherals will be added into the kernel.  It is then
necessary to reboot the system using the sysadmsh command:

	System->Terminate

Once the system has rebooted, you may then run either the "mkdev tape"
command, to install a SCSI tape drive, or the "mkdev hd" command to add a SCSI
hard disk to your system.  Refer to Chapter 16 of the SCO UNIX System V/386
Operating System Administrator's Guide manual for further information on
installing your SCSI tape drive or Chapter 22 of the same manual for details
about the installation of a secondary SCSI hard disk.

Yours sincerely,


Technical Support Department

ref: unx186
