Dear Customer,

Enclosed is the SCO Security Supplement, consisting of three diskettes which
may be installed on SCO UNIX System V/386  Release 3.2.0 or SCO UNIX System 
V/386 release 3.2.1.

This supplement adds the following new features to SCO UNIX System V/386
Release 3.2.0 and Release 3.2.1:

*	C2 related crash recovery.

*	Null password support.

*	New sysadmsh selections for checking password database consistency.

*	Home directory management in the Accounts-User-Examine: Identity
	sysadmsh selection.

* 	Ability for users to view their own audit records.

*	New features in crontab: (a) The use of the -r option  (which 
	removes a user's crontab file) no longer requires any authorisations
	and (b)  New -ru option which allows root to delete other user's
	crontab files.

*	Customising of the environment of all processes via /etc/initscript.

*	New utility for adding groups of XENIX users, addxusers.

*	Number of processes init can start raised from 100 to 400.

The supplement also corrects the following in SCO UNIX System V/386 Release
3.2.1:

*	Inability of protected subsystem utilities to submit audit records.

*	pstat displaying arbitrary kernel data when passed an out of range
	u-page address.

* 	Support for dialup  passwords and forcing a user to change his 
	password at next login where documented in passwd(C) but were not
	implemented.  See new manual page for further details.

*	Goodpw(C) was documented, but not implemented.

*	Security related problem in the Jobs-Authorise selections of 
	sysadmsh.

*	Various problems in both System-Audit and System-Backup selections
	of sysadmsh.

* 	Security related problems in getty, uugetty and login.

*	sulogin overwriting in the 'sulog' log file.

*	Inability for usernames to begin with an eight bit character.

*	lpmove and cancel generating audit records logged under the cron
	subsystem instead of the lp subsystem.

The supplement also corrects the following in SCO UNIX System V/386 Release
3.2.1:

*	Only root or user lp could use lpstat(C), lpadmin(ADM), lpfilter(ADM)
	and lpforms(ADM).

Before you install the supplement, identify any changes you have made to the 
file control database (/etc/auth/system/files).  You will need to remake these
changes to the new version of the file control database which will be installed
from the supplement.  If you have only made changes for installing new login
shells (such as the korn shell), then entries for these will not have to be 
made in the new file control database.

Install the supplement in the following way:

1.	Boot up and enter single-user mode.

2.	Run custom by typing 'custom' and <Return>.  It is important that 
	you do not use any of the ex(C) editors between entering single-user 
	mode and running custom.  If an ex editor is used then some files may 
	not be extracted from the supplement diskettes.

3.	Select 'install' followed by 'A New Product".

4.	Select 'Entire Product' and insert the diskettes as prompted.

5.	When all the diskettes have been read, you may edit the file control
	database to remake any changes you identified earlier.

6.	Now run sysadmsh and select the Accounts-Default-Password selection.
	A warning will appear at the bottom of the screen stating that some
	of the values from the system database are missing.  The missing 
	value is the default for the new 'Password required to login' 
	parameter.  Sysadmsh will assume a value of [yes] in the absence of a
	real default.  Executing the form will cause a real default to be 
	written to the system defaults database.

7.	Now select the Accounts-Defaults-Logins selection.  Again a message may
	appear at the bottom of the screen stating that values are missing from
	the system defaults database.  The missing value in this case is the 
	new "time to complete successful login" parameter.  In the absence of a 
	real default, sysadmsh assumes a value of 40 (seconds), however you may
	change this to a more suitable value.  Again, executing the form will 
	cause a real default to be written to the database.

8.	Take the system multi-user.

The installation supplement is now complete.


NOTES

1.	The defaults you have just chosen for the two new parameters will 
	now apply to all users on the system.  You may wish to chose specific
	values for particular users.  these specific values may be set in either
	Accounts-User-Examine:Logins for "Time to complete successful login".

2.	Should you run the fixperm command to reset the permissions of the files
	in your system, it is necessary to reinstall this  supplement.

3.	Removal of the supplement is not supported.

4.	The international supplement must not be installed after this supplement
	Always install the international supplement first and then the security
	supplement. This will not cause any loss of international functionality

5. 	This supplement does not address MMDF's inability to handle mail 
	addresses containing eight bit characters.  Creating usernames with     
	eight bit characters will still cause MMDF to issue error messages when
	greetings mail is sent by sysadmsh.
   
6.	The newly implemented -f option in passwd can only be used by a user 
	with the auth kernel authorisation.  This is so that ordinary users
	cannot circumvent the minimum time between password changes restriction
	on their account.

7.	Page 5-54 of the system administrator's guide says that  passwd -d
	dialname is used to set a dialup password for a shell.  The correct 
	syntax is passwd -msh dialname, where sh is the shell listed in 
	/etc/d_passwd and dialname is the dialup password.


Description of new features

1.	C2 Crash Recovery

This consists of a number of shell scripts which are run by init during system
startup.  These scripts attempt to analyse and where possible repair damage to 
the C2 database.  During a normal startup two new messages will appear:
"Checking TCB" and "Check protected subsystem databases (y/n)?". Checking the 
databases may take some time, so you may answer no, when the system has been 
brought down cleanly to save time when bringing the system up.  If however the 
system has crashed and the C2 databases have been damaged and repairs cannot be
made automatically then messages will appear indicating the problem.  The 
system will attempt to enter single user mode to allow you to repair the damage.
In some cases the system cannot enter System Maintenance mode, so the repair 
must be carried out by	logging in on the OVERRIDE terminal.  To set up an 
OVERRIDE terminal add the line "OVERRIDE=ttyxx" to etc/default/login, where xx 
is the terminal of your choice.

2.	Null Password Support

The new null password support allows user accounts which do not have a password
to be logged into by just giving the account name to login, ie a password will
not be prompted for.  This feature is configured by a new account parameter,
Password Required, which is set with sysadmsh selections.

Password Required may be set on each account to either YES, NO or SYSTEM 
DEFAULT. The system default may be set to either YES or NO.  When logging in
a password is not prompted for if:

	1.	The account has not been assigned a password
	2.	Password Required is set to NO, or Password required is set
		to system default and the default is set to NO.

If an account has been assigned a password, but the setting of password required
is YES, or SYSTEM DEFAULT and the default is set to YES, then the login will 
succeed, but the user will be asked to set a password on the account.

If you had configured an account so that a password was required, but you now
wish to configure the account so that a password is not required, you must set
Password Required appropriately and then delete the account's password with 
either "passwd -d" or with the Accounts-User-Examine:Password sysadmsh 
selection.

When setting the initial password for a newly created user, sysadmsh offers 
four options:

Now.	Allows the administrator to set a password on the account now, the user
	will be asked for this when he logs in.

Later	Selecting this allows you to postpone assigning a password, in the 
	meantime the account cannot be successfully logged into.

Blank	This assigns the account to a null password, the account may be logged
	into but a password will have to be set if the system default for 
	Password Required is YES.

Remove	This also assigns the account a blank password and also sets Password
	Required on the account specifically to NO.  Selecting this option 
	always allows the account to be logged into by just supplying the 
	account name to login.

It should be noted that null passwords expire in the same way as ordinary 
passwords, and when an account's password expiration time has passed, a new 
password will be requested.  Of course the expiration time may be set to 
infinite on accounts such as the UUCP account, where a null password expiring 
would be undesirable.

In addition to selecting how the initial password on the account is assigned, 
you can also choose that the password be changed when the account is first 
logged into (except when you select the Later option).  The system achieves 
this by setting the accounts last successful password change "expiration" time
in the past.

For compatibility with other UNIX systems, the ability for accounts to be logged
into without asking for a password can be configured on a system wide basis with
the "PASSREQ" variable in /etc/default/login.  Placing "PASSREQ=NO" enables 
accounts with null passwords to be logged into and "PASSREQ=YES" to disable 
accounts with null passwords being logged into.  This entry only overrides the 
system default as set up with sysadmsh.  Accounts that have been explicitly
allowed or disallowed to have a null password are not affected by the setting of
PASSREQ.

3.	Password consistency checking

This comprises two sysadmsh selections, Accounts-Check-Password which checks
the consistency of /etc/passwd and /etc group, and Accounts-Check-Databases
which checks the consistency of other C2 databases.

4.	Viewing Audit Trails

Users must have the "audit trail" secondary subsystem authorisation in order to
view their own audit records.  This authorisation allows a user access all the 
sysadmsh selections under System-Audit-Report, to manipulate report templates
and generate audit reports, and access to System-Audit-Files-List selection to
view the date and times of audit sessions.  In addition to creating his own
report templates, a user may use any other report template on the system, but
only the owner of a template may modify or delete it.

5.	Home Directory Management.

Home directories of existing users may now be changed via the sysadmsh 
Accounts-User-Examine:Identity selection.  The fields for configuring home
directories are HOME DIRECTORY, which consists of five radio buttons and VALUE.
The radio buttons are:

Keep	Select this button if you do not wish to change the home directory of 
	the user.  The current home directory is shown in the VALUE field, which
	cannot be changed.  This option cannot be chosen when the home directory
	does not exist for the user.

Edit	Select this button if you wish to change the user's home directory to a
	different, already existing directory.  The new directory is entered in
	to the VALUE field.  The new value is stored in /etc/passwd.

Create	Select this button if you wish to change the user's home directory to a
	new, non-existent directory, and you want the new home directory created
	the new home directory is entered in the VALUE field, which is created
	and appropriate startup files for the user's shell are copied into it.
	The user's old home directory, and its contents are left unchanged.

Move	Select this button if you wish to change a user's home directory to a 
	new, non existent directory which you want created, and the contents 
	of the old directory copied into the new directory.  Again the new 
	directory is entered in the VALUE field.

Restore	Select this button if you have entered a new directory in the value
	field, but you have changed your mind .  Selecting this button will
	restore the original directory path.

Accounts may be configured to share home directories by "Edit"ing an accounts
home directory to that of another account.  Remember that the mode on the shared
directory must be altered from sysadmsh value so that all accounts sharing this
directory have at least read permissions.

There are a number of restrictions imposed by sysadmsh when changing home 
directories, these are summarised below:
						   	    MOVE
Restriction				KEEP	EDIT	CREATE	OLD	NEW

Absolute path name			NO	YES	YES	YES	YES
Path leading to home must exist		NO	YES	YES	YES	YES
No colons or newlines			YES	YES	YES	YES	YES
Usr can search path leasing to home dir	NO	YES	YES	YES	NO
Administrator can create home dir	NO	NO	YES	YES	YES	
The home directory must not exist	NO	NO	YES	NO	YES
No other user may have same home	NO	NO	YES	YES	YES

WHERE

OLD	Means the original directory  to move from
NEW	Means the new directory to move to 


6.	New Crontab Features

See new crontab(C) manual page supplied with this supplement for further
details

7.	Customising of the environment of init started processes

See new init(C) manual page supplied with this supplement for further details.

8.	Addxusers

See new addxusers(ADM) manual page supplied with this supplement for further
details.   If you have any further questions please contact your supplier.




TECHNICAL SUPPORT DEPARTMENT				Ref:Security Supplement
 
