

     Dear SCO Customer,

     Enclosed is Support Level Supplement (SLS) xnx146-c.  This
     floppy contains a device driver for the following Irwin tape
     drives running under the SCO XENIX (AT/GT/MC) Operating System
     Release 2.2.3, 2.3.1 and 2.3.2:


     Supported Irwin Tape Drives 
     ---------------------------
     10 Megabyte     110 
     20 Megabyte     125     225     2020 
     40 Megabyte     145     245     2040 
     80 Megabyte             285     2080 
     120 Megabyte            787     2120

     Supported Tape Controllers
     --------------------------
        o Primary floppy disk controller

        o Irwin 4251

        o Irwin 4100 bus controller card (For use with the 787 and
          2120 drives)

     Irwin Tape Driver Installation
     ------------------------------
     To install SLS xnx146 boot up your machine and enter System
     Maintenance mode.  Put the Irwin driver diskette (xnx146) in
     your floppy drive and type the following at a root prompt:

       1.   cd /

       2.  /etc/install

       3.  You will see the message: First Floppy? (y/n)

           Answer "y" and then enter <RETURN>.

       4.  Next, you will see the message:

                        The driver has been loaded.

                        Run /usr/lib/mkdev/irwin to configure.

                        Please type n at the next prompt

                        Next Floppy? (y/n)

           Answer "n" and then enter <RETURN>.

       5.  The Irwin tape driver has now been extracted.  To
           actually link the driver into your SCO XENIX kernel,

           type:

                        /usr/lib/mkdev irwin

       6.  Pick the option to:


       7.  Next you will be asked:

           		driver change you specified. 
			Do you wish to create a new kernel now? (y/n)

           Answer "y" and then enter <RETURN>.

       8.  You will then be asked:
                 
                        Do you want this kernel to boot by default?
                        (y/n)

           Again, answer "y" and then enter <RETURN>.

       9.  You will be asked:

                        Do you wish to update your emergency
           	        Boot/Root floppy? (y/n)

           You should answer "y" so that an emergency Boot/Root
           floppy with the appropriate tape device on it can be
           created for you.  This is vital in the case of a system
           crash where you need to boot from your emergency
           Boot/Root floppy and restore data from your backup tape.

           At the menu, pick the appropriate option for the type of
           floppy you are using.

           At the next menu, pick the option for:

                        Root and Boot (for 96ds15 and 135ds18
                        floppies only)

           unless you have 48ds9, or 135ds9 floppies, in which case
           you need to first pick the option for:

                        Bootable only

           followed by the option for:

                        Root filesystem only

           This is because 48ds9 and 135ds9 floppies cannot fit the
           amount of data needed for a single Root/Boot floppy.  In
           either case, you will be asked:

                        Would you like to format the floppy first?
                        (y/n)

           In case your floppy is unformatted.  When this process
           is complete, remove the floppy from the drive and store
           it in a safe place.

      10.  Finally, you will need to reboot your system to activate
           the new kernel.  Type:

           /etc/shutdown

           to reboot your system.

     In the Event of A System Crash
     ------------------------------
     The emergency Boot/Root floppy that has been prepared for you
     contains all you will need to boot up and issue a restore
     command after a system crash.  When you boot up using your
     emergency floppy, you will be put in System Maintenance mode
     at a root prompt.  You can then restore your backup using the
     following two commands:

       1.  /etc/_mcdaemon <RETURN>

       2.  /bin/restore rf /dev/rctmini /dev/hd0root

     The "/etc/mcdaemon" command starts a daemon process which is
     necessary to the operation of the Irwin tape drive.  When you
     boot up from the hard disk this daemon is automatically
     started for you, but when you boot up from your Boot Root
     floppy, you need to issue the "/etc/mcdaemon" command before
     your restore command.  The restore command itself restores a
     root filesystem backup from the Irwin tape device.  This
     command is to be used for tape backups made using the
     "backup", or "sysadmin" utilities.


     The mcart Utility
     -----------------
     The new Irwin utility "/etc/mcart" has also been added to your
     system.  It enables you to perform a number of useful
     functions on your Irwin tape drive.  They are summarized
     below:

        h                This is a help command which allows you to
                         view a list of available "mcart" commands.

        drive 		 This command provides information about
                         drive type, controller type and unit
                         select.

        info             This command provides information about
                         cartridge state, format and write protect
                         slider position.

        capicity         This command shows the total cartridge
                         capacity in 512 byte blocks after
                         formatting.

        kapacity         This command shows the total cartridge
                         capacity in 1024 byte blocks after
                         formatting.

        format           This command enables you to prepare
                         unformatted tape cartridges for use with
                         your Irwin tape drive.  If you are using
                         Accutrak pre-formatted tape cartridges,
                         you will not need to use this command (SEE
                         NOTE BELOW).

        rewind           This command is used to rewind a tape
                         after a backup or restore has been
                         interrupted.  Normally, the tape is
                         rewound automatically.

        rewind           This command is used to align a tape that
                         has not been used for a long time, or has
                         been exposed to temperature extremes.

     The command syntax is:

		mcart command

     For example, using the "rewind" option, the command would be:

                mcart rewind 

     Notes
     -----
       1.      If the mcart "format" option fails, it is due to a
               hardware inaccuracy, not a software driver problem. 
	       For data integrity reasons, SCO recommends that 
	       pre-formatted tapes are used with Irwin tape
               drives at all times.  The format option is provided 
	       for use at your own risk!

       2.      The device you write to should be "/dev/rctmini".
               This device needs to be specified regardless of whether 
	       you are writing to the drive with tar, backup, cpio, 
	       or some other utility.

       3.      Also, regardless of which utility you use to write
               to the drive, you MUST specify a blocking factor.  The 
	       recommended blocking factor is 20.

       4.      If you choose to format your own tapes, remember
               that you MUST BULK ERASE the tape to be formatted. 
	       If you do not bulk erase your tape, you will not be 
	       able to format it.  Please remember that the format 
	       option is provided for use at your own risk!

       5.      While installing your hardware, please refer to the
               hardware guide shipped with your Irwin tape backup unit. 
	       If you have questions regarding the installation of your 
	       Irwin hardware, contact Irwin Technical Support.

     If you have any questions please call our SCO Customer
     Services Department at (800) 347-4381.  SCO Customer Service
     is available Monday through Friday 6:00 A.M. to 5:00 P.M.
     Pacific Time.

     We appreciate your business.

     SCO Support Services


     Revision C Addendum
     -------------------     
     A condition exists in some Micro Channel computers which
     causes errors reading the first sector of each tape block.
     Included are the IBM models 50, 60, and 80, and the Olivetti
     P-500.

     If the following symptoms are experienced, after installing
     the MC driver in certain Micro Channel machines, the wait-
     for-index algorithm may need to be enabled:

        o On the first backup this message is seen:

          <mc> tape write error: Defect list has unrecoverable
          error

        o If "mcart format" gives the error:

                    Formatting failed: Block 0 medium error :

                    phase: CERTIFICATION,  track:  0,  cylinder:  0

        o Extremely poor performance is experienced while listing
          the content of or restoring a previously written tape.
          To enable wait-for-index at the root prompt, the
          following commands may be used:

            1.  # echo iropt=I >> /etc/default/mcconfig

            2.  # reboot

     Using the wait-for-index algorithm has the following drawback:
     All user system task time processing is stopped until index
     polling is complete.  This means the user will see sluggish
     system performance at certain times.  Typically a 3 or 4
     second dead period at tape track switch time occurs.  This may
     prove unacceptable in certain installations.

     Error Messages
     --------------
     Below is a list of the most found error messages of the Irwin
     tape driver.

	Block Not Found
                    A block not found error occurs when the driver
          	    cannot locate a physical tape block during a read 
		    or write operation.
                    Insure the tape head is clean (see the tape drive 
		    hardware manual for cleaning instructions).
                    When this message is displayed during a data
                    restore operation, try and retention the tape; then 
		    repeat the restore operation.  If this fails, try 
		    restoring the data using a different tape drive.
                    When this message is displayed during data
                    backup operation, try another tape.  If backup is 
		    successful on another tape, discard or
                    bulk erase and reformat the original tape.


        Data CRC Error
	ID CRC Error
                    An "ID CRC error" or "Data CRC error" message
                    is displayed during a tape read operation when a 
		    tape block cannot be recovered by ECC.  If this 
		    message appears, retention the tape and try again.
                    If this fails, the data might be recovered by
           	    using a different tape drive.  Causes of persistent 
		    CRC errors are: poor quality tapes, worn tape head, a 
		    defect in the drive's record circuitry, or
                    an incompatible or otherwise defective data
                    separator circuit on the controller.  CRC errors might 
		    be stopped by using new tapes, or installing a data 
		    compensator circuit on the drive.

	Record Not Found
                    A "Record not found" error occurs when a
             	    certian sector within a tape block cannot be located.  
		    This error typically occurs on during a
                    tape read operation when there are too many
          	    erroneous sectors to recover data using ECC.  
		    (See Data CRC Error)


	Drive Not Found
                    When /etc/mcdaemon is run (usually by an "rc"
          	    script) for the first time after system boot, a 
		    drive searching algorithm is executed by
                    the driver.  If this algorithm fails to detect
          	    the presence of a tape drive, "<mc> Drive not found" is
                    displayed.  Subsequently, the same message is displayed 
		    on any read or write access to an opened
                    MC device file for which no drive is present.
                    When this message appears, hardware should be checked.


                    "Servo failure" is a tape formatting error
          	    message.  The servo writing function is a one part 
		    of the tape drive's firmware.  The driver issues a
		    command to the drive to servo write and awaits
                    tape drive completion status.  Usually the drive's 
		    LED will be flashing on servo writing failure.  Try bulk
          	    erasing the cartridge and restarting the format.  If this 
		    fails, try another cartridge.


	   Insufficient Memory		
                    "Insufficient memory" messages are given when
          	    the driver fails to allocate at least three tape block 
		    buffers.  In some systems sufficient memory may be 
		    available when single user mode is entered immediately 
		    after system boot.  Usually adding memory to the system
                    will stop this message.


	   Block 0 Missing Servo Header
	   Too Many Sequential Missing Servo Headers
	   Too Many Missing Servo Headers On Track
	   Too Many Missing Servo Headers
	   Too Many Sequential Bad Blocks
	   Too Many Sequential Bad Blocks On A Track
	   Too Many Bad Blocks
                    These messages occur during formatting.  When
                    formatting fails for one of these reasons, try bulk 
		    erasing the cartridge and re-formatting.  If this 
		    fails, try another cartridge.

	   Block 0 Medium Error
                    A "Block 0 medium error" results when, during
          	    tape state determination, the first tape block has medium
          	    error which is not recoverable by either redundant 
		    correction or ECC.  Normally the cartridge should be 
		    reformatted or discarded.  If the cartridge has
                    a backup, try using a different drive to read the tape.
                    If this message persists for multiple cartridges, the 
		    tape drive's read circuitry may be out of adjustment, 
		    or there may be an incompatibility between the floppy 
		    controller's data separator circuit and the tape drive.  
		    When running on a Micro Channel based machine a problem 
		    may be overcome, see section on Wait for Index in this 
		    documentation.

           Defect List Unrecoverable Error	
                    This message is displayed when both copies of
          	    the relocation table (kept in the second and third good 
		    tape blocks) have unrecoverable medium errors or are 
		    otherwise corrupt.  When this message is displayed on the 
		    first backup after drive installation in a Micro Channel 
		    machine, the wait-for-index patch may be needed.


	   Defect List Corrupt 
                    This message is displayed if an error is found
          	    in the primary defect list kept in block 0. Reformat 
		    the tape.

           Daemon Not Started
                    The tape driver uses a single daemon process to
          	    encode ECC during tape write operations and recover 
		    data with ECC during tape reads.  When the "Daemon 
		    not started" message occurs, execute /etc/mcdaemon
                    and retry the tape operation.

